Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence. Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion. They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added. Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57. The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange. Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier. The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday. The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court. That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period. He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy. Shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, rose more than 2 percent. Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March. The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77. But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond. He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum. Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers. Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business. As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls. Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war. Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers. "I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost. The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access. But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands. A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail. A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese. The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat. Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August. Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them. I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32. Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the station's current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion. The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate. No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial. The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports. Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01. Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents. He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel. Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday. Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty. Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools. He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain. Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately. Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo. The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004. The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan. The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually. The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002. Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight. "The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years." Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed. The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album. However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive. Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell. This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET. The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance. A former teammate, Carlton Dotson, has been charged with the murder. Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates. Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November. The battles marked day four of a U.S. sweep to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime. The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years. The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006. Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come." Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1. American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed. The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet. On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole. The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June. The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum. The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities. It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry. Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night." The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000. But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday. Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws. Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added. The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today. The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday. The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers. FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday. Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday. The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway. "Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points, or 1.4%, at 9073, while the Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 2.1%, to 1610. PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release. Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted. NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality. Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning. "We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94. The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60. El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles. But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen. "We're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses." Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading. This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne. And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer. Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports. Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002. Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps. The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall. He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region. A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint. Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus. "If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said. Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence. Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months. Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts. A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death. The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format. Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said. The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions. The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent. Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison. Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50. For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings. The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent. Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16. The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said. Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said. "The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service. The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult. Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said. The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July. The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company. Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California. Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go. The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing. The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger. Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night. "We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said. Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks. His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts. There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus. On Friday, the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions. Prosecutors said Paracha, if convicted, could face at least 17 years in prison. More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said. The ECB has cut interest rates six times over that period, from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent. "This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement. Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool. Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman. In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47. While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said. The loonie, meanwhile, continued to slip in early trading Friday. Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom. But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption." While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100. She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality. Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music. The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users. Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name, based on the sessions. Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'. Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq. Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo. And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too." "It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge. As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life. With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote. "His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," Jack said Tuesday afternoon. Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB. She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said. French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday. They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease. Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier. U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight. The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon. Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon. In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark. They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery." "The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said. Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004. The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist. The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789. The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation. Among Fox viewers, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents. Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas. Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen. "We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque. Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours. Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further. For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier. Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles. Friday, Stanford (47-15) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0. "Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen." Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 as of 3:59 p.m. At the time federal investigators were looking into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings. Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday. October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon. By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier. The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday. ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents. One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it. Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion. "I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said. Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director. Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own. Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year. Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company. A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday. In a televised interview on Wednesday, ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone. Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds. Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install. He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama. They were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services. On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely. Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units. He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws. The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week. State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured. The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months. In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said. The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites). President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war. The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months. "This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said Andres Rivera Jr., who was also on the bus. IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million. The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier. The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia. The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said. "Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said. Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost. We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue." Later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound. "By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," Lieberman said. Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading. Even without call center requests, companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005. ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader. About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire. Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91. U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats, it said in a release. The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year. The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity. In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote. If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so. Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers. "It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger. Singer Brandy and her husband, Robert Smith, have called it quits. She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!" "The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said. On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson said it was "inconceivable" that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers, including 1,100 mechanics. Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder. Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean. Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale. With the exception of dancing, physical activity did not decrease the risk. The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent. In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century. Four of those killed by Williams were black; the other was white. A hearing Thursday morning before Judge Elizabeth Long in Fulton County Superior Court marked one of the first steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley. The boy was a student at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay. It will continue its regional service for Delta Air Lines DAL.N , Atlantic Coast said. "It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who only graduated from Parsons School of Design last May. Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey. Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs. San Joaquin County sheriff's deputies found 37-year-old Adan Avalos of Riverbank shot to death inside the SUV. The Nasdaq fell 49.95 points, or 2.86 percent, to end at 1,698.02, based on the latest available data. He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia. The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan. The product will be targeted at companies that need to create, publish, manage and archive web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and internet environment. When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley. A $500 million coal-fired power plant, for example, could replace $100 million in equipment yearly without adding new pollution controls. Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident. Shares of AstraZeneca, Europe’s second biggest drug company, rose 3 per cent on the New York Stock Exchange after the news. Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill. "Things go wrong," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said Wednesday at the Department of Energy. Typhoon Maemi was on Saturday night moving over the Sea of Japan, where it had weakened considerably, the meteorology department said. Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others. Officials tentatively planned to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest by dropping incendiary devices from the air, aiming to remove fuel from the wildfire's path. Protesters chanted, "Tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail," put on small skits and danced to drumbeats. "It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court. About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site. "The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 per cent'' growth rate", said George Scalise, the association's president. Eighty-six U.N. workers who were wounded in Tuesday's bombing were airlifted out for medical care. To the frightened Burns, Richardson said, confessing a crime he did not commit looked like the only out. A message left with Spitzer's office as well as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned. Stevens said that the drug manufacturers had not shown why the plan should be prevented from taking effect. Medical experts said Blair's problem was worrying but relatively common and easily manageable. Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's founder Ray Kroc known for her philanthropy, died Sunday of brain cancer. The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing. A 32-year-old mother of two is suspected of drowning her children in a bathtub before slashing her wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, police said. She was surrounded by about 50 women who have had abortions but now regret doing so. Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad. Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that has posted huge losses and cut jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers. The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area. One is a statistical calculation based on the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza in 122 cities. Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute recently went over data from more than 2,000 children treated with radiation for a harmless birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959. Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong. The state previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, a practice it says is intended to reduce stress on the prison staff. Earlier in the evening, the mother, whom authorities did not identify, had brought her daughter to the bank after a doctor's appointment. At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1. Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set." Lately, he had earned money by calling fans on the telephone, taking part in the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com. The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales. "Rudolph ate here", joked a sign outside one restaurant. It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain "a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential." In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set. Strikingly, the poll saw very little difference between women and men in their feelings about the former First Lady. The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019. Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million. Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks. The computers were located in the United States, Canada and South Korea, he said. "The time has come to make public places smoke-free," they wrote in a letter to the Times newspaper. A church minister was charged yesterday in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who suffocated as church leaders tried to heal him at a storefront church. In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years. Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station. Chest tightness after exercise and overall prevalence of asthma were also linked to the total amount of time spent at indoor pools. Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames. Tony winners will be announced June 8 in televised ceremonies from Radio City Music Hall. Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building. "I'm quite positive about it, except that I would not want to cut across things that are now occurring," he said. "Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists - this Bush administration has chosen to settle old scores," Graham said. Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean? "As of now, they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap," Baldeo said. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 11.22 points, or 1.13 percent, at 1,007.19. Between 50 and 100 people die a year due to these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling. Only Intel's 0.3 percent yield is lower. "Today we are trying to pull the pig away from the trough," Mr. Harrigan said. A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said. Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation. Some of the passengers were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone. It will be distributed through major hardware store chains and local libraries and will be available on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov. Gansas got more bad news yesterday from the city Department of Transportation - a hearing officer recommended that he be fired. Since then, police divers have searched those waters looking for the remaining three. Morgenthau said the women, all U.S. citizens, lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages. He resides in Doha, Qatar, from which Russian authorities have been trying to extradite him for nearly two years. In December, he had predicted a 5 percent growth rate. Clearly Roman creams of any type, paint or cosmetic, do not normally survive ... it's pretty exceptional." "Yes, I'm taking his office and we're going to keep on building and keep on fighting," he added. The Video Software Dealers Association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented out last week, compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes. Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270. In jihad, we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war (against Islam)." Funny Cide is looking to become horse racing's first Triple Crown winner in a generation. The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year. Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in e-mails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie." Besides Japan he will visit the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24. The transfers would reduce P&G’s worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000, down from 110,000 several years ago. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that two Iraqis and two Saudis detained after the attack gave information leading to the arrest of the others. In papers filed Tuesday in Manhattan's state Supreme Court, Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom's use of the name Spike for TNN. The church already was grieving for the death of a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7. Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims. They weighed an average 100 kilograms and needed to lose between 14 and 36 kilograms. "If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, a South Dakota Democrat. Jon Friedman is media editor for CBS.MarketWatch.com in New York. She leaves her birdie putt some three feet short but drops her par putt. The test, conducted by UCLA and UC Riverside, was paid for with $450,000 from the ARB. Against the yen the dollar was down 0.7 percent at 110.73 yen. Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors. The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m. (7:05 p.m.) on Sunday, was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store on Highway 96, said many in the close-knit town knew the three men who were killed. "I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the deal was damaging to the state," Berlusconi testified. They are located in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash. Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said the company was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel." Hong Kong has not seen such a protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the 1989 massacre of democracy activists occupying Beijing's Tiananmen Square. The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said. Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch. The information was first printed yesterday in the New York Times. Annan warned that the dangers of extremism after September 11 should not be used as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished" freedoms. The euro ros further into record territory on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed U.S. economic data showing rising consumer confidence and a strong housing market. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73. "That really affects the companies, big time," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte. The seizure at 4 a.m. on March 18 was completed before employees showed up for work that day. He said the ferry's crew will be interviewed and tested for drugs and alcohol. Taylor is now expected to leave the broken shell of a nation founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century. Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent. Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away. It beat the previous record of $54.9 set by 1999's "Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me." Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator. He made a point of saying during Tuesdays debate that the Confederate flag was a racist symbol. In early U.S. trade, the euro was down 1.06 percent at $1.1607 <EUR=>. "Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said. Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday. On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office. Also Tuesday, a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq. The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000. Hunt's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt's murder conviction thrown out. Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates. But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price. Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused. "I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week. That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years," said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer. Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected. Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia. "This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said. Three-year-old Jaryd Atadero vanished on Oct. 2, 1999 while on a hiking trip with a church group. A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach. Parrado's aunt believes her nephew, who has served a prison sentence in Cuba, will be persecuted if he is repatriated. The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives. Per-user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning. "Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said. Microsoft Corp. is preparing changes to its Internet Explorer (IE) browser because of a patent verdict against it, the company said Friday. "It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM." SARS has killed about 800 people and sickened more than 8,400 worldwide, mostly in Asia. Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators then walked off the job in solidarity. The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud. Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91. "The Princess' marriage was not set up by force," said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies. Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards. Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an "outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda." Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted. Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean. Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement. AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs. CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records." Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday. "Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said. Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court. "We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said. Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River. One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain. "Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete. Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death. Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country. Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent. He said he had made it "very plain" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty. Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop. Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision. He has also served on the president's Homeland Security Advisory Council. Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser. "And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is. After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45. Mascia-Frye works in the state development office. Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday. A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company. ECUSA is the U.S. branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion. The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming." The companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence." Another brother, Ali Imron, was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse. Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country. Rumsfeld, who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership, passed over nine active-duty four-star generals. He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans. Attorney John Barnett, who represents Morse, showed photos of a scratch on Morse's neck and the officer's bloody ear. The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket. Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week. "This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said. In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58, or 0.1 percent, at 9,381.79. Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed. The decision could also prove useful in the "war on terrorism". Currently, the state's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans. In the first stage of the attack, the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help. Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926. The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky. However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites. Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action. "I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol. "We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants. Likewise, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent. China has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who breaks their quarantine and intentionally spreads the killer SARS virus. Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom. The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users. The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town. An officer in the People's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14, Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm. The Yankees, however, had big trouble handling Victor Zambrano (4-4) for the second straight time. A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance. Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender. Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients. His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September. Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said. Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license. "This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement. Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6. He has no immediate plans for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early. The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon. "Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement. That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections. "I think it happened very quickly," Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime. Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage. The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday. The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points. United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions." Tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history. The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning. In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors. Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game. Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says. This week's tour will take Bush to Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria, and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad. Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones. "We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans. Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday. It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements." NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic. "But they never climb out of the pot of beer again." In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange. Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network. "Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable," he said at a news conference at the Capitol. Oracle's offer "undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders," PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said. Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $25,000 bond. Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester. He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper. Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected. It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season. Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700. The report released Monday simply says, This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue. The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses. History will remember the University of Washington's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who has saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible. In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke. But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately. He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is on the campaign trail. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646. The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal. NCSD's chief will be Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection. Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region. The Columbia broke apart during descent on Feb. 1, killing all seven astronauts aboard. Friends of Animals, which touts 200,000 members, was behind a successful tourism boycott that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992. Mrs Clinton said her husband action's were morally wrong but did not constitute a public betrayal. Further back, Sen. Bob Graham of Florida reported about $1.7 million on hand. The test, in four sections, includes algebra and geometry, along with some questions on probability and statistics. Business confidence among top U.S. executives hit a 12-month high in the second quarter, according to a survey released Monday. Massachusetts is one of 12 states without the death penalty, having abolished it in 1984. His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia. HPs shipments increased 48 per cent year-on-year, compared to an increase of 31 per cent for Dell. Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures. "We are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," he said. A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music. Their difference was over whether the court should take into account the legal opinions of other world courts, like the European Court of Human Rights. It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services. The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests. Deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results and strong growth in mortgage and card revenues drove this quarter's results. Telecom equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. (nyse: QCOM - news - people) rallied 43 cents, or 12.3 percent, to $3.95. They were not supplied or given to us, but unearthed by our reporter" in Iraq's foreign ministry, he said. Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times. Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters. Avants, wearing a light brown jumpsuit, had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him. McKnight's lawyers said she had no intention of harming the child. The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows. A verbal flare-up between Keating and Mahony began when the cardinal initially refused to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed. An Alaska judge has rejected an attempt by an animal rights group to stop a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska. The federal agency has been investigating whether several energy companies manipulated energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications. He went on: "One part of that should have been sourced to a reference work. The injunction was immediately stayed pending an appeal to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington. He was taken to Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock in a procedure called "cardio-version". Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family. Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight. When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined. The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country. The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings. He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison. The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment." Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq. In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points. Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank. Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos." Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week. Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities. Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said. Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press. "What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families." The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said. The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road, building tollways, facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility. "This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement. The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million. Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998. In recent years, Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble, facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft. SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property. But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company's or his boss's name. General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House. The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation. Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994. In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines. The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months. She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area. PeopleSoft gained 94 cents, or 5.5 percent, to $18.09. Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building. A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business. "The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said. "Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this." Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier. The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin. "By its actions," Lieberman said, "the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war." He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law." The House of Representative passed an identical amendment on Sept. 9, by a 227-188 vote. Former Illinois Sen. Carol Moseley Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report. The nurse called Allison Smith with the news: The experimental drug that so effectively treated her severe peanut allergy was being taken away. John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism. Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons -- we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser." Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler. Against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1537 , a fresh four-year high and up a half cent from around $1.1480 in late U.S. trade. There are three warships with 2,300 Marines lingering off its coast. The letter said staff was told to never speak of the incident. Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. In a public statement, a spokesperson said: "Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft/J.D. Edwards transaction." At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant to tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated – yet went unpenalised by umpire Lars Graf. The Pentagon insists the technique has successfully predicted elections and even box office receipts. Treatment guidelines, many written by medical specialty organizations, outline recommended approaches to many common ailments, ranging from painkillers and exercise for arthritis to surgery for breast cancer. Three months into the study, the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds, compared with five for the low-fat group. U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday designated Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev a threat to the security of the United States and to U.S. citizens. "It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program," Mr. Parsons said at a news conference at NASA headquarters. None of Dean's opponents picked him as someone to party with and Dean was not asked the question. Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event was in large part a business function. "Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)." The Mariners piled on against Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the bottom of the inning. Microsoft said Tuesday it intends to acquire the intellectual property and technology assets of Romanian antivirus firm GeCAD Software Srl. The inquiry may hinder Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries. The attacks are often fuelled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region. The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project. A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M Records declined to elaborate. The Nasdaq composite gained 4.78 to 1,955.80, having edged up 0.1 percent last week. Lynch, who returns to the hills of West Virigina Tuesday, also received the Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington. Undersecretary-General for Peacekeeping Jean-Marie Guehenno urged member states contributing police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women. Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said. Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer. The contract sets his annual base salary at $1.4 million and his target bonus at a minimum of $1 million. A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive. In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94. On the sidelines of the Bo'ao forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and held talks with Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov. Cortisol levels in the saliva of day-care children were highest and rose most steeply in those whom day-care centre staffed judged to be the shyest. Fires in Spain's Extramadura region bordering Portugal, and Avila province forced hundreds of people to leave their homes. "The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head kicker couldn't be more wrong." Because it takes Neptune 165 years to orbit the Sun its seasons will last for decades. After the deal SSE will sell on Midlands's power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow UK utility International Power Plc for 21 million pounds. "Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president. NBC also plans to shelve Crossing Jordan until January as star Jill Hennessy has her first child. Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university planned to keep the campus running with managers and temporary workers performing union workers' jobs. A member of the rap group So Solid Crew threw away a loaded gun during a police chase, Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday. It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership. Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday. "We believe it is without merit and we will defend ourselves rigorously." The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, rose 3.28, or 0.7 percent, to 494.20. The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires such as Schwarzenegger and Ueberroth. Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway. Zilkha conceded in a statement issued today that his group may have fallen "a bit short." The most recent addition to the list, which to date includes 125 names, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya. In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine. About 1,000 people came in stifling heat to begin two days of observances tied to the coming 40th anniversary of the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963. Revenue in the second quarter ended June 29 was $645 million, up from $600 million a year ago. The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said. Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year. Hermon-Taylor said an unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) may also be infected with MAP. The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said. The results, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, involved just 47 heart attack patients. Spain, Poland, United Arab Emirates and Lithuania have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason. The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses. United Airways plans to offer in-flight, two-way e-mail on all domestic flights by the end of the year, becoming the first U.S. carrier to do so. Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said initial information indicated it had veered from its flight path because of fog. It was predicted to become a Category I hurricane overnight. I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker." Sweeney is to formally announce the campaign in a speech Wednesday in Detroit. The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s. Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 288-1/4p in morning trade in London. Ask Jeeves Wednesday announced it plans to sell its enterprise software division, Jeeves Solutions, to Kanisa. It went on: "I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hated most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex. Before confirming a diagnosis of cancer, a positive PSA test must be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures. But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91. Earlier this year, Intel invested $123 million in Elpida Memory over two funding rounds, Mulloy said. So far, only four companies have licensed Microsoft's communications protocols: EMC, Network Appliance, VeriSign and Starbak Communications, the report noted. "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel J. Michael Boxley," Silver said. Rather, the US acted because the administration saw "existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on September 11". Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels. The Institute's national manufacturing barometer slipped to 53.7 in September from 54.7 in August. "It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week, and I had to get my pitch. "It's just too important to keeping crime down in the city to let it lapse," the mayor said of Operation Impact. Joanie Harper and Brothers were granted an annulment in September 2001, and Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show. Trans fat accounts for 2.5 percent of Americans' daily calories, compared to 11 percent to 12 percent for saturated fat. A 14 percent slide in crude prices this month and expectations of a build up in oil inventories compounded OPEC's fears of a further softening of the market. Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April. Severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 8,300 worldwide and killed at least 790, most of them in Asia. Under the agreement, Solutia will pay $50 million and Monsanto will pay $390 million. Smith ruled that the state's tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, making the tribe simply an agent for collecting the tax. Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County. After Mao's death in 1976, she was tried and sentenced to death, later commuted to life. Several passing vehicles and an adjacent shop were also damaged in the explosion. If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved. There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to be in the majority. Peterson, 31, is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son, Conner. Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate without building in the reproductive sequences." Ironically, Cablevision will be footing the bill for YES' lawsuit against Time Warner Cable. Germany said most of the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein. A gunman stormed into the Lakeside post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, San Diego County authorities said. The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22. He said investigators have not ruled out the possibility that more than one person was behind the poisonings. My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press." Microsoft shares (MSFT: news, chart, profile) fell 1 cent to close at $25.65. His movies include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam," "Jungle Fever" and "Do the Right Thing." She was arraigned on three counts of second-degree murder and ordered held without bail in Sullivan County Jail. A Melbourne TV producer who worked on shows including Who Wants To Be a Millionaire? Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case. Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi. The program will be expanded to include areas of the Middle East such as Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, Mr. Ridge said. The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53. In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people, with an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion. The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the tens of thousands of prisoners that Mr. Hussein freed last year. Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany. "He is not considered a suspect," McCabe said. The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health-care worker, said Dr Colin D'Cunha, Ontario's commissioner of public health. "Happy people sleep better, have better diets, exercise more and have less levels of stress hormones," Cohen said. Robin Saunders, head of the principal finance unit, has made clear she has funding to buy parts of the business. The discovery so alarmed researchers that they stopped the study, known as the Women's Health Initiative. The agency wants him to return the illegal proceeds with interest and pay civil monetary penalties. "These are not solely American principles nor are they exclusively Western," Rumsfeld said. Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Saddam hail, about 150 kilometres north-west of Baghdad, US military officials said. "As long as we don't march on Tehran, I think we are going to be in pretty good shape," he said. The stock remains 43 percent below levels prior to the February overstatement news. Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5. The broad Standard & Poors 500-stock index was down 4.77 points to 929.62. Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's conference in Texas. Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February. "Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added. On Wall Street, trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City. Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja. Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans. The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville. Hitchcock has declined to comment on the case, as has Levin. A month ago a military transport plane returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded in what officials called a "safety incident." The Swiss franc rose three quarters of a percent against the dollar and was last at 1.2980 to the greenback. Associated Press Writer Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this article. On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi. The $22 million deal, announced Thursday, is also the largest land conservation transaction in Hawaii history. Mr. Nelson heard people shout: "There's a Jew. It also required that existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment will remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system. The Schaumburg, Ill.-based company had scheduled its earnings report to be released on Tuesday after the close of trading. It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close. The majority of the dead were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal. Axcan's shares were down 3.8 percent, or 66 Canadian cents, at C$16.90 in Toronto on Tuesday. The bank booked 820 billion yen in loan-loss charges compared with 1.9 trillion yen a year ago. Former prisoner of war Pfc. Jessica Lynch is winning admiration in her hometown all over again for the courage to reveal she was raped by her Iraqi captors. On Thursday, a New York City judge ordered Viacom to stop using the name Spike TV pending a trial. One old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, only able to utter: "My child, my child." In 1999 a California state senator proposed a law requiring motorists over the age of 75 to take driving tests to renew their licenses. They have included local and foreign aid workers, U.S. troops, Afghan soldiers, officials and police, as well as many guerrillas. Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new ways to communicate. The results appear in Thursday’s issue of the journal Nature. The Leader of the Opposition, Simon Crean, said from Jakarta that the reshuffle had been forced by ministerial incompetence. Turner said he transferred 10 million additional shares to a charitable trust, which also liquidated them. The airline's pilots, for example, are taking a 15-per-cent cut. One study found that combination therapy doubled the risk of probable dementia and did not prevent less-severe mental decline. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 28.73 points, or 1.77 percent, at 1,655.22. Older people who eat fish at least once a week could cut their risk of Alzheimer's by more than half, a study suggests. Panther Server also includes an updated release of Apache, along with Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis for creating powerful web services. "APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thaksin said. Clayton Homes' stock ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange after Wednesday's close. The $130 million cleanup included new carpet, electrical wiring and bathrooms. Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday. They said the police officers also entered various private wards at the clinic and attacked patients. U.S. authorities blame Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans. "The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association. Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details. Earlier this year, the company said it would restate its 2000, 2001 and 2002 financial results. Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent. DUBAI, SEPTEMBER 23:  The world economic leaders hailed on Tuesday signs of a global revival but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback. The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen. Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him. Peck, who was 87, died peacefully at his Los Angeles home last Thursday with his French-born wife of 48 years, Veronique, at his side. Mr. Holden toured Northmoor, where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed and the town hall and police station also were damaged. But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site. It was called mandatory, but Dupont said authorities did not force people to leave. The stock of Juniper Networks Inc. rose sharply Monday after the Mountain View, Calif.-based network-equipment maker announced a distribution and development deal with Lucent Technologies Inc. U.S. District Judge Lee R. West ruled Tuesday in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacks authority to run the registry. The report said the agent twice called state Rep. Juan Escobar while he was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla. Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents. North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings. Officials with Rescue California, one of the groups leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit laughable. The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary, Netscape Communications. The street-racing sequel "2 Fast 2 Furious" won the pole position at the box office, taking in an estimated $52.1 million in its opening weekend. Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world. He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated. Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment. With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning. The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada. Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas. After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks. Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes. Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday. Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes. In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches. A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said. Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis. The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies, including The Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business. Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him. Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy. Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it. A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch." Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own. "The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'" Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders. Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer. He says that "this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it. Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday. Shattered Glass,"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters. United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets. The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002. A council of up to nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months, the U.S. civil administrator said Monday. He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston. They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol. Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah. Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them. The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society. "Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said. The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday. The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college. With the test, Hubbard said, "I believe that we have found the smoking gun. Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat. Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government. The Pentagon, saying that Boykin requested it, is investigating his remarks. She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena. The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot. The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen. However, EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure. University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed. Eyewitnesses told how Sally, 62, originally from Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, screamed as the escalator collapsed then sucked her in. The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort. The United States has accused Iran of masking plans to make nuclear weapons behind a civilian nuclear programme. A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading, according to antivirus companies. Directed by Jonathan Lynn from a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson. The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency. She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car. The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs. A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729. "We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January," Mr. Parsons said optimistically. Tidmarsh will compete in today's third round. Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said. Mr Eddington described Monday's talks with union leaders as "sensible". Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets. During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share. ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them. Less than a month after departing her anchor's chair at "Dateline NBC," Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show. "The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation." The administration cited those links as primary justification for invading Iraq and toppling the regime of Saddam Hussein. A few hours later, the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo. I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today." Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week. More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime. The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon. Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said. However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co. Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs. "I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter. Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move. Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share. In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies. Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license. General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000. Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of liver and kidney failure. Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody. Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt. "Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list. Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said. Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites. It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added. Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country. I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel. The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations. Those findings, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy. A view of the devastation left behind when a man drove his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday. Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide. An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote. The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir. Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda". Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees." Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin. Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations. Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation. They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday. Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering. It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south. It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well. "This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally." The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 26/32, taking its yield to 4.17 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent. The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase. But SCO has hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model. Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday. If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said. Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”. The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server. "To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti. In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven. Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001." "If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem." China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there. Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda, which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease. Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet. Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers. Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing. If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago. It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt. "We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested." In the second quarter last year, the company experienced a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of $600 million. We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety. We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said. In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters. A spokesman said: "Further testing is under way but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook is positive." Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions. Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick. He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to film producer Jim Threapleton. Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it. The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses. It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops. Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying. The state has received 19 entries in a competition for a World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner. However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment. "The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true. U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell. Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn." But for more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected. It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law. St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company. There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6. The constitutionality of outlawing partial birth abortion is not an open question. "It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo," Anomeritis said, referring to the quantity of explosives on board. Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999, and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid's earnings. The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed. They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago. It argued that such access "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent." The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen. He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines. The Legislature on Wednesday sent Gov. Jeb Bush a bill it hopes will lower malpractice insurance rates and keep doctors from limiting their practices or moving out of state. In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off. Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system. The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday. American forces here organized the elections, which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq. Negotiators talked with the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said. "If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it. But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said. Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up. A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion. Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo. It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability. Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires." The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m. Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, recovering from a quad bike crash, is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight. The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller. IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement. Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered. The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned. The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04. Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23. Pen Hadow became the first man last week to reach the geographic North Pole on an unsupported trek through Canada, a journey of about 770 km. Many of the victims of Sunday's attack were headed out of Iraq for R&R or emergency leave. Saddam's portrait was added to Iraq's currency after the Gulf War. Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated. During interrogation, he admitted that he helped organise and carry out near-simultaneous bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000. The Nikkei average .N225 was down 1.83 percent or 192.25 points at 10,310.04, its lowest close since August 28. Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4. The safety center has a $45 million budget for its first year, much of which will be spent on tests and analyses. The $87 billion budget includes $51 billion for military operations in Iraq, another $20 billion for reconstruction and about $11 billion for Afghanistan. "For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes. Associated Press Writer Michael Gormley contributed to this report from Albany. Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year. That compared with a loss of $55.4 million, or $4.92 per share in the same period a year earlier. Both sets of findings were presented Monday at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago. Under Maine Rx, which state lawmakers approved in 2000, Maine would act as a "pharmacy benefit manager" to lower the cost of prescription drugs. "The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," president and CEO Derek Pannell said in a statement. "In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons." His wife, married to Moore by a justice of the peace, started planning her dream wedding. Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of the lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the night sky early today. Rats on the tomato powder diet had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, allowing for diet restriction. The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday. It also unveiled an update to its Windows Server 2003 operating system, which is tuned specifically for storage devices. Tate was 12 when he was charged with beating Tiffany Eunick, 6, to death in July 1999. Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations. That applies only to schools that get federal Title I money. If the MTA's appeal is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't change. Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence. The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi. The book, called "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend. Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction. Robert Walsh, 40, remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus. The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration. "For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto. Around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day. The µGuru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box. Sony Music's portfolio of products and services currently enable carriers to offer subscribers the ability to download images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services. He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not say if it was Ciobanu. Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period. According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990. U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America. The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter. Badat was arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act “on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism,” Scotland Yard confirmed. Starting on Aug. 16, every computer infected with MBlast will start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests. "We put the call out," said the Rev. Patrick J. Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition. Florida’s Third District Court of Appeal said on Wednesday the original proceedings were “irretrievably tainted” by misconduct by attorneys for the class. Courant Staff Writer Jeff Goldberg contributed to this story. The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July. "The evidence accumulated over the intermeeting period confirms that spending is firming, although the labor market has been weakening. Nigeria and other African producers are increasingly important in the former Texas oilman's plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for energy security. Isaacs had been on death row longer than anyone in the nation. While many likely now will quit - as millions of women already have - Soltes said she is likely to continue prescribing the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms. In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses. Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages. But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday. Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date. Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says. Under a proposed plan of arrangement, Slocan shareholders will receive 1.3147 Canfor shares for every Slocan share they own. BellSouth added 111,000 DSL customers during the quarter to reach a total of 1.3m subscribers. In a televised address back in March, Mr Howard declared Iraq had weapons capable of "causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale". I stand 100 percent by it, and I think that our intelligence services gave us the correct intelligence and information at the time," Blair said. "I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said. Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action". The winner of this year's Most Popular New Talent Logie, Goodrem first went to a specialist on Monday feeling tired and unwell. All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded. Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq. Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability. J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards. That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said. The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use. "There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions. He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom. Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards. He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again. Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step. "I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal's going to win," said Sen. Mitch McConnell, assistant majority leader. "We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary. Since March 11, when the markets major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multiyear lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 percent. "We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have. Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people. This was around the time Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad authority to wage war. After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said. But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder. "We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon. Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer. Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week. Sixty players and five coaches from the school attended the training camp in August in Preston Park, about 125 miles north of Philadelphia. The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls. In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400. Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace's comments. Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins. One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania, relatives said. And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected." One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday. Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94. The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided yesterday to lower its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November. Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures will actually occur in 2004, making that year's shortfall worse. It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December. Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday. "Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a separate hearing, before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee. The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30. The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June. The United States finally relented during President Bush's visit to Africa earlier this month. Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday. Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon. She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent. Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said. The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children, says Canada's environment commissioner. In September 2002, the nearby Gard region was hit by similar floods. Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men. Analysts had expected 53 cents a share, according to research firm Thomson First Call. The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000. But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year. "Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday. AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent. He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal. Songs can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns. SSE shares were little changed, up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT, but analysts welcomed the move. Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange. "There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said. The deficit is still expected to top $500 billion in 2004 -- even with an improving economy. It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington. "As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC. We have already found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons. America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers. Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said. State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion. None of Prairie Plant's marijuana can be distributed until the Health Canada's user manual is made available, she said. The Baltic Sky is a 37-year-old ship registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands. Captain Smith left the ferry terminal after the crash, went to his home and attempted suicide. He was reported as saying Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while notorious warlord Harold Keke's group was armed. She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night. In an unusual move that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages. If the judge decides that is so at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges. In 1999, troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in Russian cities that were blamed on the rebels. Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year. Tropical Storm Claudette headed for the Texas coast Saturday, with forecasters saying the sluggish storm system could reach hurricane strength before landfall early Tuesday. "Everything is going to move everywhere," Douglas J. Feith, undersecretary of defence force policy, is quoted as saying. Newisys, an Austin, Texas, startup headed by former IBM and Dell execs, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary. Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters. Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade. The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive-learning books for toddlers and preschoolers. They also drafted a nonbinding priorities list specifying that one-quarter may be used to reduce planned cuts of 5 percent in fees paid to health care providers. Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected earnings of 19 cents per share in the third quarter. In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings. "I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," he said. Laos's second most important export destination - said it was consulting EU member states ''with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary'' on the matter. The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship. The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel. One man died and 15 others were hospitalized after drinking tainted coffee following the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00. Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items. He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast. Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades. Responding later, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said, "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts. Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died. Goold said reporters' calls to Peterson may have been monitored. The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census. Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States. The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped unharmed, Aaron said. By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than U.S. drugs. He said the royal family has poisoned the princes' "little minds." Its cumulative total is $232.8 million, heading for $275 million. Momentous happenings at the World Climate Conference in Moscow last week. Egypt, Mongolia, the Seychelles, Tunisia and at least three other governments have signed unpublicized agreements. He spoke in Manhattan's State Supreme Court, where O'Donnell and G+J sued each other for breach of contract. "For the first time, there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all," Dyke said. Early Monday, the center of Claudette was about 300 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained wind blowing at 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength. His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion. "We must not engage in borough warfare," the Comptroller William Thompson told the Council, according to his written testimony. The Standard & Poor's retail index <.RLX> was up more than 1.5 percent. Jeter, who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31, took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday. The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers. But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view. Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities. Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives. Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported. "Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said. Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6. Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered. As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit), fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra. Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for. "September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement. The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002." That investigation closed without any charges being laid. Officials at Mortazavi's office and the judiciary declined to respond to Reuters' requests for comment on the accusations. Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism (Suem). Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year. "There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said. "Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage," Burg said. "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number," Michael Kinsely wrote. Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said. Just about everything about "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" will set records. The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqi council to make the invitation - a move he said the United States appears unwilling to make. In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21. After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video. Florida's primary will be March 9, after 28 states' primaries or caucuses. Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent. Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs, said the vaccine poses little danger. There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless. Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill. A final decision on his fate, including the power of the death penalty, lay with President Bush. "And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit. "I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted. The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay. The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin. The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921. "Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office. Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks. The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system. That was a reversal from a loss of $35 million, or 20 cents, a year earlier. The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others. Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States. We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there. Overall, students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work-force portrait shows. Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent. According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent. Lewis, the WBC champion, can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent. With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion. BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software. It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks. Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3. WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities. The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport. The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people. Despite their differences, U.S. and EU leaders said there were areas of agreement. Bolland told the News of the World: “I was astonished at Sir Michael’s question. Symbol's former chief accounting officer, Robert Korkuc, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports. Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company. But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts. He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster. The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo contained in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together. A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter. Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders. Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were dismissed last week. The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock. Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange. It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday. The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York. Meanwhile, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle: "Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year." In Washington on Sunday, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf. Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center. Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive. Months later, another clinic doctor, Dr. Wayne Patterson, was killed away from the clinic. "Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said. Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties. Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange. Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible". A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds. Cargo carriers World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have also applied for permission to fly to Baghdad, Mosley said. When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and was watching a TV cartoon channel. Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department. The interest rate on Series EE savings bonds for May through October is 2.66 percent. The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts. ATA spokeswoman Diana Cronan said travel was down in May through July, and she also expects it to be down some over Labor Day. "The NASA organizational culture had as much to do with this accident as the foam," the report said. Durst, a millionaire, pleaded self-defense in the death of his neighbor Morris Black. Civil liberties groups filed suit, and U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson ordered the monument moved last October, calling it an unconstitutional promotion of religion by government. The men will appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday. O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment. Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54. Some state legislators behind the bill say they remain hopeful Bush will sign the legislation, though they acknowledge pressure is building on the governor to do otherwise. The attack came after several days of disturbance in the city in which U.S. soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians protested the American presence. A total of 114 U.S. soldiers were killed between the start of the war March 20 and the end of April. Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves. In a statement, Heyer said, "Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands. The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August. Other gainers included Lexmark, which rose $US3.95 to $US63.35, recouping some of the $US14.10 it lost Monday. Representatives of abuse victims expressed dismay at the possibility. He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A. officer was "a very serious matter" that should be "pursued to the fullest extent" by the Justice Department. Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent. No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time. Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances. Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange. "And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to strong and extended applause. Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty. During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million. In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million. "That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link. In 2002, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee took in $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure. Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup. In addition to HP, vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun and Veritas. Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce. With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices. In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said. Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share. Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server. Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share. "They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence. He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement. Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners. BOB HOPE, master of the one-liner and Americas favourite comedian, died with a smile on his face yesterday just months after celebrating his 100th birthday. Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo. But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus is on his job, not the recall petition. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York. Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder. "He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said. The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is searching for a replacement for retiring co-anchor Jane Pauley. A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply." Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and $1 million fine. Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement. "PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited." Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution. The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday. Despite hefty losses against the euro, the dollar's slide versus the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise. Referring to a Muslim fighter in Somalia, Boykin said that "my God was bigger than his. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97. His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq. Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders. Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante and Republican state Sen. Tom McClintock are in different political worlds. In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73. The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed, Aaron said. BT said it expected the combination to reap 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004. The company, based in King of Prussia near Philadelphia, said it could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer for them. He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents show that a lingering medical condition could contribute to his defense. Sanders and colleagues at RAFT exposed skin samples removed from consenting patients during surgery to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight. It was the culmination of a row caused by Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, who installed the 2400kg monument in the Alabama Judicial Building in 2001. Japan's Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit in northern Japan, automatically shut down due to the quake. Governor Rod Blagojevich said he would not balance the state budget with gambling revenues. "I'm pleased we are bringing it to a conclusion," Garton said. Walgreen's shares were up 4.6%, or $1.42, to $32.11 in midday New York Stock Exchange trading. Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, and announced it will take an accounting charge on one of its businesses. "The proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity to better support our customer requirements," said Yukio Sakamoto, Elpida's president. Many women complain that they become more forgetful after menopause, and some doctors have come to believe the hormonal changes brought on by menopause are the reason. Since surfacing late Monday, Sobig.F has been crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages. The girl turned up late Sunday night at an East Palo Alto convenience store about 30 miles from her home. "We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line," said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager. BaFin, Germany's chief financial regulator, and the prosecutor's office were not immediately available for comment. "His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it." At his request, he will be reassigned within the district. Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion. The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus. Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce. That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal. Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls. Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support. Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz. Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days. A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department. The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program. Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a "huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States. John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome." PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said. The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping. In fiction: Edward P. Jones ("The Known World") and Scott Spencer ("A Ship Made of Paper"). "Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them." The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel. It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said. The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99. The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal. Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1. Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans. Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak. Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today. Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy, in Bangkok were among the targets, it said. SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty. Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name. Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10. Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer. She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks. There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday. The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003. Hill, 50, would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor. On Jan. 10, Shawanda Denise McCalister, who was also pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighbourhood. The contact between the delegations ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds over the nuclear program and U.S. demands that it cease immediately. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid launched a similar consumer tool for nursing homes last year. Scientists reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world's oceans since a half-century ago, a dire assessment that drew immediate skepticism from commercial fishers. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dropped 25.17 points, or 1.39 percent, to 1,792.07, based on the latest available figures. "He said they were in distress," said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato. Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2. But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said. No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces. The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier. That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said. Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters. The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back. "For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit. A representative for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge's opinion was released. Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing. He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way." As he left court, McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side. "We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months. The $19.50-a-share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock. CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage." The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal. Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform. The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission. Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house. The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March. It will also boost SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said. Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition. To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats. New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002. Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks. Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market. Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar. Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods." Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause. Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings. They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door. The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring. The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale. The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today. Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy were married 13 years. The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, R-Tenn., said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by late September. The report details crime reported to law enforcement agencies statewide. It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected. The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson. O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, "Find Me," that she was "an abused child." "The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision. The poll, conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton, was taken Wednesday and Thursday. "It is bad for Symbian," said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein. Pressure also came last night from religious circles as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down. The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem. "He would often call me for advice," said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case. The United States wants the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed. Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java. Late last year, for example, more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa. "I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine. The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide. Bob Richter, a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick, had no comment about the ruling. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53. Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners. A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Atlanta also refused to comment. Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry. They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff. The comment period was to have expired on Monday. It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster. The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos. He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears. Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company. Oh yeah, Miami, Boston College and Syracuse leaving the Big East to take a seat in the Atlantic Coast Conference. Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800. The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said. He added: "No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified, but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused." Italian police investigating the Prodi bomb suspect an anarchist group that claimed responsibility for Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA. Supporters say those people will gamble and have enough money left over to spend in restaurants and stores. There are 100,000 U.S. troops in Asia, most of them in South Korea and Japan. Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom. Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay. North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight. Mosel had been unable to present financial statements in time because of mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said yesterday. A navy official said divers scanned the river bed with metal detectors before rain drove them to shore. Matrix Reloaded opened in limited previews Wednesday night, and its total for all five days was estimated at $135.8 million. At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place. They added that decisions have been made about how many troops will be moved, where they will come from, or where they will end up. The Bank of England "requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance," he told the Press Association news agency. Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples -- and also unmarried heterosexual couples -- to officially register as domestic partners. Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications. The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82. But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be a rating downgrade if Southcorp did breach any banking covenants. The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas. Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry. Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy. It would be especially cumbersome for restaurants that change their menus daily, she said. Mitchell said many knew Wilson, 43, to be unstable and that she recently lost her job. "We preserve essential tools to foster voice competition," Copps said. The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation. Only a big surge in consumer confidence has interrupted the bleak economic news. The Harrisons’ lawyer Paul LiCalsi said: “I’ve never heard of more reprehensible behaviour by a doctor. "I have every reason to believe that people understand enough is enough," Mr. Pataki said. However, the Israeli government argues that changes in Israel’s state-controlled economy are necessary if the state is to compete in the global marketplace. The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea. DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused. Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her. SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center. This morning, at UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion. Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night. Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment. In Toronto, police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts. We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director. Other staff members, however, defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue. The Senate's proposal will need the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to become law. The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after that bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels. The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix." French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said. Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition. The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier. General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year's presidential elections. China would become only the third nation to put a human in space. ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data. The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed. Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus. Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix. This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system. More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems. Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth. The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of waste thought to contain transuranic waste are stored underground at Hanford. There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton. Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder. Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed. But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness, or say they are balanced. Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles, the government said. Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi. The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large. Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday. The Bank of England starts its two-day meeting on Wednesday, but was expected to leave British interest rates steady. Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call. Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship. The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts. The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30. He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept. "And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting." "After what happened here ... it's tacky and unpatriotic," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass. President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday. An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people. He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967. The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> was down 10/32 for a yield of 4.91 percent, up from 4.89 percent late Thursday. The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies. A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8. The British ambassador to the United Nations, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May. An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour. This year, local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency. Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading. "He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday. American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill. She met Lady Mary at her Double Bay home yesterday to thank her for the donation. Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out. The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel. "I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said. Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members. The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence. The 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent. North American futures pointed to a strong start to the first trading session of the week Monday, as earnings season slows and economic indicators take the spotlight. It also offers a "self-healing" option so businesses have continuous access to critical servers, data and applications. Smithfield shares rose more than 8 per cent yesterday as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately. Consolidated volume was moderate, with 1.91 billion shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange, compared to 1.5 billion Monday. Eddington is to meet the other two unions separately later on Monday. He has said he plans to urge Chinese officials during the G20 meeting to move more quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system. With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products are now antiviral drug ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron -- two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C. Shares of Smithfield rose $1.64 yesterday to close at $20.85, a rise of 8.5 per cent, on the New York Stock Exchange. He plans to announce the effort formally tomorrow in Cincinnati alongside several union presidents. TSMC feels that Syndia's actions are designed to interfere with TSMC's customer relationships, the company said. Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines. Xerox itself previously paid a $10-million penalty to settle the SEC accusations. Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. JWN.N jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35. "We've destroyed about one half of al Qaeda, the top operators of al Qaeda, and that's good. Grieson said both of her knees were swollen for days and that she still has scars on her legs from the incident. Its first decisions were to scrap all holidays honoring Saddam and his outlawed Baath Party and to create a new public holiday marking the day of his downfall. Al-Qaida, the terror network led by Saudi-born bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States, has been linked to both cases. Blair praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying it was an Australian Rhodes Scholar he met while at Oxford who first interested him in politics. Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another suspected Saudi operative for Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida terror network and top suspect in the Riyadh bombings, remains at large. The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said. In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here. Reed arrived a day after H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned saying Reed should have a "clean slate" to make changes. Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, "Thank you, so much." Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis. Pat Anderson, the lawyer representing the Schindlers, declined to comment on the filing. The company has reached agreement on the terms for buying the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe. The outage resurrected memories of other massive power blackouts, including one in 1977 that left about 9 million people without electricity for 25 hours. Ms. Gelinas said only 1.5 per cent of those have been fully re-evaluated. "He is the first and only cloned sterile hybrid." It is almost certain to exacerbate the divisions between Washington and Europe that emerged before the war in Iraq. Chairman and chief executive Leland Brendsel and Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer, resigned. Eurex said "the vast majority" of trades on Eurex US would be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on "participation in incentive schemes". Associated Press Writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Ala., contributed to this story. Hewlett-Packard Co. (nyse: HPQ - news - people), the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29. The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls. They have a cell phone and everybody that has a cell phone wishes they had a better one." Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of the six to enter a plea agreement with the government. Whether or not we get to the two-thirds, we're going to have the lion's share of union support." In response, Medina issued the following statement: "The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive. After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924. The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806. They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated. "Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco. Bad publicity has already weakened sales which are highly profitable for retailers. Turner, who held about 105 million shares before the sale, also transferred 10 million AOL shares to a charitable trust. Several cities are competing for the headquarters, including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Puebla, Mexico. Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own; it is "in the hands of Mr Newton now", as an astronaut once put it. Diane Lade of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel, a Tribune Publishing newspaper, contributed to this report. But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40. "This deal makes sense for both companies," said National Chief Executive Brian Halla. At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards. The National Transportation Safety Board had subpoenaed him, but he initially ignored the order. His wife, Janet, said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water. But as time passed and more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public what it needed most from the police - safety. "I think the longer the series goes, the more chance Dirk has to play," Nelson said. The seal will ultimately be used on department materials, signage, credentials, badges, vehicles, sea vessels and aircraft. Bunia has about 750 U.N. troops, compared with an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around Bunia. Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 17 points to 9,090, while the Nasdaq composite index fell 10 points to 1,601. The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people. A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said. Meanwhile, the main subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not send a delegation, an issue that has rankled Iraqi officials. Russian forces stormed the building to free the hostages but 129 people died in the operation. Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI. Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service. "With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said. The US responded coolly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers. Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow. Water management officials in Florida were worried about the storm's possible effect on some of their already-swollen rivers and lakes. "It was to fly a plane into the White House," Mr. Karas said. Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu. Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales below Wall Street's modest expectations. Rambus Inc. shot up almost 33 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq. Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed. Feeling rejection as an acute pain may have developed as a defence mechanism for the species, Eisenberger said. Around 1,500 police are to be deployed at Niigata for the ferry's visit. A discouraging outlook from GE sent the company's shares down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32. Berkshire Hathaway made profits of $1.7 billion in the first three months of this year alone, its best performance. U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald declined to name the wholesalers, whom he called "victims in this." At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 2/32 for a yield of 4.41 percent. The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month, up from 45.4 in April. Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August. As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base. The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday. In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship. Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers. Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman's first name - and refused to reveal it. Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies. The Purchasing Managers Index, released on Monday by the Institute for Supply Management, rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April. Max Guarino, 17, was found April 25 in the water off City Island. Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter. Scholars in medical ethics have said the notion of medicating people to improve their mental health to the point where they may be executed can present formidable obstacles for doctors. A Comoros islander, he is on the United States' list of most wanted suspects. "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side, I'll certainly wave to them," Bloomberg said. The governor said the use of the credit card was a mistake, and has since reimbursed the party for the expense. American and Russian space officials stressed there is no immediate danger to the crew or the operation of the orbiting outpost. A new version of the Bluetooth specification was officially launched today at the start of the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam. "Those rating present business conditions as 'bad' increased to 30.4 per cent from 28.1 per cent," the report said. The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate on Monday, with his condition last night described as “stable and comfortable”. One of the FBI's key operatives, who has had a falling-out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend's closed immigration court proceeding. I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement. Sixty-one people were killed and dozens wounded in outbreaks of violence across Afghanistan in the troubled country's bloodiest 24 hours in more than a year, officials said Wednesday. The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December." A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000. Emergency crews said no passenger was ejected, but some were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus. The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said. He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility. The Nasdaq eased 0.15 percent for the week after two consecutive up weeks. Under the House-passed plan, seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs, plus a $250 deductible annually. Overture generates its search listings from more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business. Human Genome said ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004. "A really robust space program could be had for a mere 20 cents a day from each person," he said. The scientists' research is being published today in the journal Science (www.sciencemag.org). "We do not know if the current investigation involves one or more multiple contractors," she said. We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately. Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier. Shares of other mortgage lenders and home construction companies also fell. Brent crude for July delivery fell 38 cents to $27.45 a barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange. The meeting would now be held before August 8. The Queens man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot City Councilman Hiram Monserrate was held on $100,000 bail Saturday, a spokesman for the Queens district attorney said. Stocks rebounded on Friday on hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of the top economic advisory panel. It's just a matter of time, said Frank McDonald, of the University of Maryland. "It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting. They remained in Camden County Jail on Sunday on $100,000 bail. Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent. Axelrod died of heart failure while asleep at his Los Angeles home, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod. But, in a 58-page report, WHO said the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals. While Montgomery was one of the first to enact such a law, it's now relatively common - even New York City bans smoking in bars. "30 years waiting for you," read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many concert-goers wept tears of happiness. He also said that Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options with a value of $54 million to $56 million earlier this year. A Catholic priest said two miners were killed and nine other protesters injured 110 kilometres outside La Paz as a convoy of miners threw dynamite at soldiers manning a roadblock. ATA shares closed down $1.66, or 16.7 percent, at $8.26 on the Nasdaq Stock Market. North Korea has demanded one-to-one talks with the United States. However, the new vaccine won't begin to be tested in people until 2005 and won't be approved for use for several years after that. But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, rickety vessels and lax safety standards. Ms Stewart, 61, its chief executive officer and chairwoman, did not attend. In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860. If accepted by the judge, Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone next month. He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl. However, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said that Akbar had "an attitude problem." The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec. "We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment. Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year. With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days." The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49. Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous. "This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets. Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995. And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week. Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas. British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States. The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights. Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say. But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right. We need to challenge old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual," he wrote. The plea makes Grass the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to strike a deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks. Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest. The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent. Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own. One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87. It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public. The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court. The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February. Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family. Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3. Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned". Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines. Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season. "Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union. GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange. An artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone. Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978. Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement. Larger rivals, including Tesco and Sainsbury’s, were excluded from the bid battle following a Competition Commission inquiry last month. The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business. Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes. Many compensation experts had predicted Carty would get a generous severance deal because his voluntary resignation helped keep the concessions deals in place. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86. At least 36 deaths have been blamed on the storm, 20 of them in Virginia. He faces an additional 25 years in prison on the federal charges when he is sentenced July 7. Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition. Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville. Goldman offered the shares for sale to institutional investors at $13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force. Their biological daughter Renee Jackson, 29, said she made huge pots of beans and rice, and meat and casseroles. Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit. The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels. As he spoke by satellite phone, shellfire could be heard in the background. "As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," Chief Executive Robert Eckert said in a statement. Complicating the situation, he continued, are companies, like IBM, whose support of Linux "has added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability." Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented. "The proposed settlement is too expensive for the ratepayers," the governor said in a statement. An Iranian Kurd who stitched up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at being refused asylum has been granted refugee status. He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas. Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for drinking with two high school girls in the latest incident to embarrass the academy. About 130,000 US soldiers remain in Iraq, with others serving in Afghanistan, South Korea, Japan, Germany and elsewhere. Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said. Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said. The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible. Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home. Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1 million. But a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case. After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close. At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement. The worst affected area was South Kyeongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away in mud sides. Mrs Clinton writes her husband's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to Chelsea as well. Florida legislators return today for a special session in which they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates. A recent poll showed Edwards in a virtual four-way tie at the top in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday. Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence a takeover battle in the 1980s involving SME, a state-owned food company. Shares of Brocade closed at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17.3 percent. Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side. "SCO has not shown us any evidence that we violated our agreements," spokeswoman Trink Guarino said. Lawrence E. Alibozek, his former deputy chief of staff, pleaded guilty to accepting cash and gold coins in exchange for influencing state contracts. Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous." "United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement. Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name. SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used as stand-alone applications or as an extension to EMC's ControlCenter applications. Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them. Authorities had no leads in Biggs' death until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party. Quattrone, 47, is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering. Sir John has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al-Qa'eda agents in Britain than previously thought. State television said the dead included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi, one Sudanese and four whose nationalities were not named. He said some issues - including division alignments - will be resolved if the conference expands. But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said. "This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a press conference this afternoon. November 17's last victim was British defense attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot and killed at point-blank range on a busy Athens road in June 2000. Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from its Ford Credit finance arm, which earned $401 million, up 21.5 percent from a year earlier. The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties. Newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur in "Hairspray" bested Broadway veteran Bernadette Peters in "Gypsy" for best actress in a musical. Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the probe started five years ago, but the firm denied anti-competitive practices were the reason for this. No country now opposes plans for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister. Early voting polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sept. 8 and Sept. 9. Revenue fell to $36.9bn from $39.3bn a year ago, mainly due to lower vehicle sales. What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said. Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision. The company is expected to unveil the console on Thursday at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas. Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, were also among the fiction finalists announced Wednesday. Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials. His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va. Robert B. Willumstad, 57, Citigroup's president, was named chief operating officer. The agency found further that a WD Energy employee discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies, which the CFTC didn't identify. These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice. A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities found explosives and detonated them afterward. "During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities," the sheriff's office said. Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450. The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago's factory index increased to 58.9 from 55.9 in July. Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts. Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards. For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs dominated the increase, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost spiral. While he said "many good people work in the telemarketing industry, the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions. Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002. Quattrone's action, prosecutors argue, amounted to criminal obstruction of justice. The Future Concepts and Surface Ship Design Group is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for all surface ship design and engineering. About $250,000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport, where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards. The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers. The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum. The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic. But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal. Mr Kenny and the Hicks family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal. The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said. The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close. FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday. Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko. Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account. White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands. After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him. Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said. A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had a grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter. Roxio, would get access to more than 300,000 tracks from the music libraries of the major labels, and the Pressplay distribution system. Boeing shares fell 95 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $27.67 at 3:30 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02. While the shape of any military operation is unclear, Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province to more than 45,000 from 38,000. Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday. In interviews with numerous engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers stand out in stark relief. The FBI arrested a suburban Chicago man Wednesday and charged him with secretly collecting information on individuals in the United States who opposed Saddam Hussein's Iraqi government. A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon. Contractors Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, who were convicted of submitting hundreds of phony invoices to Blue Cross, are to be sentenced in January. "The board did so, and accepted that resignation," said the chairman of the exchange's compensation committee, H. Carl McCall. "He died doing something he loved, which was flying his helicopters," said the father, who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo. The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in-chief for breast-cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City. Quattrone, 47, was highly influential working in the Palo Alto office of Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble. Dr Mark McClean, the family's GP, said had the drug been administered to Jonathan earlier, he would have retained more of his brain function. This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus Group Inc. and Nordstrom Inc., along with some boutique retailers, strong sales gains in May. President Vladimir Putin threw his weight for the first time on Saturday behind Russia's main pro-Kremlin political party ahead of parliamentary elections. Officials in Malawi said the men were on the CIA's ''watch list'' since the twin 1998 bombings at the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. Passengers on that cruise are to be given a refund and voucher for another trip. In New York City, bars and restaurants that allow people to smoke can face hefty fines. It is the first "critical" flaw discovered and fixed in the new Windows Server 2003. None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman. Also Sunday, suspected rebels dynamited an oil pipeline in northeast Colombia. The capsule ended up on its side and appeared to have been dragged about 40ft by the main parachute after landing. The chain, which has been under new management since late 1999, has more than 3,400 stores and $15.8 billion in annual revenue. Frank Partnoy, a securities-law professor at the University of San Diego School of Law, said the case suggests Merrill Lynch's oversight and control of its executives was inadequate. Symptoms of the E. coli infection include bloody diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and abdominal cramping. Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially. Federal regulators have changed their minds on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream. While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects fled before they could take anything, he said. But Hayes, of the CDC said, "Many complicated interactions come into play that are often difficult to predict." Virtual PC, which Microsoft acquired from Connectix Corp. in February, will not run on the G5, the company said. Environmental campaigners used the eclipse to highlight the surge in light pollution across Britain. GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical. NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday. There is a tradition of Labor Day racing in the Inland Valley. In his female disguise, he used the name Dorothy Ciner, a childhood friend, and rented an apartment in Galveston. The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading. Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene. "We've got an incredible amount of work to do, but it ain't in the instruction set," he said. Durst's attorneys contend their client accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after Black illegally entered his apartment. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 17.08 points, or 1.74 percent, to 998.68. Those hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity created optimal conditions for raging fires in at least 10 places that have already burned nearly 200,000 acres. Those with diabetes run the risk of severe complications, including heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness and amputations. The OpForce product currently works with Solaris, AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows servers. "The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today. In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory. He characterized the hostile bid as "atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior." In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service. Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use. Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment. Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum. Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent. But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic. Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued. The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported. In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.98, or 0.1 percent, at 9,346.77. Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison under a new law in Romania, according to BitDefender's Web site. Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson referred all calls to the FBI. But a source close to the Pentagon said the Defense Department's own inspector-general had been asked to investigate how the licences were awarded. Park appeared to have been strangled and may have been sexually assaulted, Homicide Capt. Charles Bloom said. The move came just hours after the company's Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigned. "There must be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism," namely, a "promise of a better and fairer world." Storage, networking and wireless products will be prevalent at the show. PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange. He killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government exaggerated the case for war against Iraq. But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot. Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said. Californias rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002. In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short. The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month. A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office was not available for comment. Ernest Bucklew was headed home for his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania. Bristol shares rose $1.30, or 5 percent, to $28.20, after closing at $26.90 on the New York Stock Exchange. The Foreign Office said Heaton was in Saudi detention but had not been charged, and that consul officials had visited him on Thursday. So far, eight states have laws legalizing marijuana for patients with physician recommendations: Alaska, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington. Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations. At the United Nations, the United States and Britain are seeking backing for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis. Contribute 2 costs 69 for an individual license, the same as the existing version. The format must be formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms, they added. In Damascus, the Syrian Information Minister, Ahmed al-Hassan, dismissed the claim. She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300. And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant. Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction. "Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France," he said. "This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand. Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him. Arguing that the case was an isolated example, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds. The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside. His spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday. They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement. The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004. "The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement. Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there. Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq. Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer said. Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the departure of Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive. The United States and Russia spent billions on a dozen or so robotic craft meant to land on Mars and radio back their findings. Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided some much needed insight in Thursday's opening round of the Memorial Tournament. Thanks to Avalon, Longhorn will support new styles of user interfaces and user interface elements. The priests went through church channels first, exercising their rights under canon law. There are no plans to build permanent U.S. bases in Africa, Defense Department officials say. Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and lawyer who originally represented McCorvey, did not immediately return a call seeking comment. The CIA on Monday said voice and sound analysts concluded that Saddam is probably the speaker on the tape. The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General described "significant problems" in the Bush administration's actions toward the 762 foreigners held on immigration violations after the attacks. Under the proposed stock for stock transaction, LendingTree shareholders will get 0.6199 shares of USAI common stock for each share of LendingTree common stock. Prosecutors reversed course Friday and said they support moving the murder trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad out of the Washington suburbs. Greenspan's Federal Reserve, the U.S. central bank, decides interest rates in the world's largest economy. A few tried to rush the podium, and at least one graduate tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving. Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002. Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program. "Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said. It is important for a process to be put into place, he said, that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace. The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church. While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each. "If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points. Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military. I think there's a little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he really didn't deserve. A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them. Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out. The underground group has claimed responsibility for a series of arsons against commercial entities that members say damage the environment. Claudia Gonzales Herrera, an assistant attorney-general in charge of the case, said the arrests showed that Guatemala took the defence of its Mayan heritage seriously. Saul Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court for the death of Christina Long. But Gordon emphasized that the legislation he introduced last week is "a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral (Harold) Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation." About 80 percent of Pakistan's 140 million people are Sunnis. The researchers found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride, or 803 men, developed prostate cancer. Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. Riva had recently helped his son, Frank Riva Jr., get into a construction workers' union and land a job. The December decision by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's law banning certain assault weapons and revived the national gun-ownership debate. Mr Estrada, who is in prison, has denied any involvement in the mutiny. The exact number of passengers on the ferry was not known and may never be determined because ferry operators typically do not keep accurate passenger manifests. They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo. The phone is available for $299.99 with any compatible AT&T Wireless service plan. "This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets," he added. Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas. Digital download sales of recorded albums and singles will be included in the album and singles sales charts, respectively. The findings are published in today's edition of the journal Nature Medicine. Kerry outlined last month a UN resolution authorizing a military force under US command and transferring responsibility for political and humanitarian efforts to the UN. Foreign Minister Alexander Downer yesterday claimed the group of 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived off Melville Island last week. Mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign ended a 19-hour standoff late Sunday and returned to barracks without a shot fired. The ministry said the hijackers Francisco Lamas Caron, 29; Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22; and Yosvani Martinez Acosta, 27, shot themselves for unknown reasons. O'Connor wrote, "We expect that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary." In a separate complaint, the FTC alleged that AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely $400 rebates to consumers. The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island. "I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami. In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th. About two hours later, his body, wrapped in a blanket, was found dumped a few blocks away. The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said. The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands. In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent. The key vote Thursday was on a provision that temporarily eliminates the dividend tax. "We did not want to shut down," Diamond testified under questioning by Matthew Fishbein, one of O'Donnell's lawyers. As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group. Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1. Because of that, the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother, police said. Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter. One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's. "We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims," Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said. But he added: "You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror." Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files. She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage. Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time). Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties. According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport. It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre. An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat. His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs. Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg. Jordan Green, O'Brien's private attorney, said he had no comment. Revenue rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion from $43.6 billion a year ago. But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05. If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found. When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel. We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," said Russell Lewis, executive vice president of VeriSign's Naming and Directory Services Group. In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy. DB2 Cube Views automates the process of creating metadata by defining, describing, and indexing information in a database. Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest. Malvo's lawyers have presented an insanity defense, saying brainwashing by convicted sniper John Allen Muhammad left Malvo incapable of knowing right from wrong. The amendment deals with the free exercise of religion versus the government establishment of a religion. The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said. SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions. Witnesses from Malaysia will testify Thursday in the treason trial of cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, said to be the leader of terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah. The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out. But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal. In March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier. Close behind was India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines. A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs. On Thursday, authorities evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there. EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington. Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and the international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone". The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3 court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61. Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans: Wayne Allard of Colorado, Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Sam Brownback of Kansas. The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign. Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs. U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks. Cindy Yeast, a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist, says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents. About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks. "The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters. The conflict centers on a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows. The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son. Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found. "I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday. "It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others." Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy. "It's obvious I'm not riding as well as years past," Armstrong said at a news conference. All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs. At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy. "When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody? Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida Friday, bringing powerful storms which further tested already-swollen lakes and rivers. The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001. He added that we are "not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent." Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic. The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion. The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates. By 2040, the county's population is expected to be 985,066, compared to the 2000 population of 860,454. The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data. The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council. Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, said he was prepared to call another meeting of leaders next month. But Islamic Jihad's main leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing, saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire. Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved. The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal. "The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly. Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia. Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes. Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast. He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected. Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close. The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row. Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area". Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation. FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy." Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded. It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low. I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court. Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999. He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully. Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press. "Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok. Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent. Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent. The company is also testing its cancer drug Rituxan for use by rheumatoid arthritis patients. Spending on research and development is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, compared with the previous expectation of $4.3 billion. Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46% from 4.42% late Thursday. The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling. U.S. corporate bond yield spreads ended mostly tighter amid slumping Treasuries on Tuesday, while bonds of tobacco firms widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA. He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package. Buyers can now choose a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for 12,390 baht (US$298), excluding taxes, the report said. Astronomers have found the oldest and most distant planet known in the universe. "The fact is, this was a program that was built for concealment. The Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office has identified the deceased passengers at the scene as Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del-Angel Lozano, 34. NITED NATIONS, Aug. 26 International inspectors have found traces of highly enriched uranium at an Iranian facility, according to a new confidential report distributed today. Nelson stared down referee Joey Crawford during a timeout with 2:46 left in the first quarter and San Antonio leading 26-16. Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01. Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition. Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January. A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it removed. Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68. Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves. "We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition." During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion. The appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft. The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions. Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed. Last month, it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion. Sir Wilfred Thesiger, writer, explorer and chronicler of the world's vanishing ways of life, has died at age 93. "Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand. Her proposal to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds. Intel said midway through its quarter, which ended in June, that business was exactly as expected. "The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber into the U.S. market," said Rusty Wood, chairman of the Coalition for Fair Lumber Imports. However, FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said no data indicate that the situation poses safety problems. Daren and Barbara Jensen refused to heed doctors' recommendation of chemotherapy, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile. "I have proposed to the [IAAF] council that Drummond be excluded from the championships." The deal creates a company with about $2.8bn in annual revenues with 13,000 employees and 11,000 customers. He also told investigators that when he was in his mid-teens, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy for no apparent reason. "For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents." The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample. When Brooks was killed in an automobile accident Monday in Minnesota, Taylor lost a good friend. Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO. Quarterly profit climbed to $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, from $20.8 million, or 10 cents, a year earlier, the company said. "It was a great shock," said Mohcine Douali, who lives in central Algiers. "The First Amendment does not shield fraud," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court in Madigan v. Telemarketing Associates, No. 01-1806. Whether it works out timewise with all four, I don't know but we will see what happens." The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying a tightening of policy that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds." While he is now spared that threat, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected. "Tonight he was an offensive catcher," Cubs manager Dusty Baker said. Since it was launched Monday, the SiteFinder service has drawn widespread criticism from Internet users who complain that VeriSign has overstepped its authority. Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals. "I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said. Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors. The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said. My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events." Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks. Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for. The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe. The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call. More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack. Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr. Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks. Variable annuity sales were $4.2 billion, 82 percent higher than a year ago. But U.S. administration officials moved to talk down Snow's impact on currencies, saying his comments were not reflective of Washington's policy and were merely an observation about the economy. However, one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival. Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground, falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76. "We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said. UBS Warburg downgraded Altria, a Dow member, to "neutral" from "buy," based on valuation. A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend. The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime. The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89. The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals. Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time. A $5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $19 billion of bids, investors said. Even after he turned 94, Lacy worked to change baseball. Dayton finished 24-6 last season, won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament. It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills. Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable's use. Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial condition as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession. The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent. Last week, India and Pakistan said they would hold their first diplomatic talks in two years. The legislation, approved 12-3 by the House Commerce Committee, may allow Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. to fend off a takeover attempt by Indianapolis-based Simon Property Group Inc. Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange. Analysts' average forecast was $4.02 per share on revenue of $25.56 billion. It had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points and was conducted Thursday through Saturday. For lofts, the board proposed increases of 4 percent for one-year leases and 7 percent for two-year renewals. South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS. Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April. "The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing. Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, dissented. A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period. Britain's Department for Transport said ''the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent,'' and suspended flights after 6 p.m. EDT. The American Soldier was first selected as Times Person of the Year during the Korean War in 1950. As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions. The anguish could be heard in the voices of Mr Forlong's television colleagues who would speak. Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate. Sen. Patrick Leahy, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's idea too drastic a remedy to be considered. "Two Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," said Jon Sohn, international campaigner for Friends of the Earth. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> slipped 0.26 point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,121.96. MALAYSIA will launch a publicity campaign in local newspapers today giving its version of the water dispute with Singapore. The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night. Two Atlanta-based companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines and Home Depot -- were also mentioned by witnesses as having excessive pay packages for CEOs. Not surprisingly, broadband nation Korea leads the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants. The Prime Minister today admitted that critics are “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”. Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices. Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos, of Los Angeles, has contested the DNA evidence, saying it is unreliable. TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations. He said the allegations were that certain cereals companies were tipped off to grain prices two hours before they were officially available. Among the evidence seized by detectives was an animal skull with a nail driven through its head, which may have been used in a "black magic" ceremony. The Z200 features a color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sounds. Dealers said the dollar also drew some support due to falling Japanese interest rates. The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States have sent a team to investigate. Both are in the cocoa-growing west of the world's top producer in a region where fighting is complicated by the presence of Liberians on both sides. Smiledge said he hasn't spoken with his son in eight years and wants nothing to do with him. BALI bomber Amrozi claims he was inspired to launch an attack on the tourist island after his Australian boss revealed Bali was a haven for sinful behaviour of Westerners. Mr. Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass produced, lowering the price per valve, to 2 1/2 cents from 15 cents. France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy. The company also argued that Lexmark was trying to squash competition by installing a microchip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges. On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman from Dayton, Ohio, climbed over the same 10th-floor ledge and plunged to his death. The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be complete during the final calendar quarter of 2003. Two Japanese diplomats were also killed in an ambush near Tikrit, according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry. "These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says. Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician. Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable. "I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said. The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month. And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend. "But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing." A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said. There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River. One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said. "Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital. Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians. Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday, joining a growing number of cities around the country. IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange. That is evident from their failure, three times in a row, to get a big enough turnout to elect a president. He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother. His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word. Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe's sales activities. Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer. But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry. Come tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history. Authorities and Baylor officials say Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in more than two weeks. "If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered." President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement. Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent. AMD reported a net loss of $140 million for the quarter ended June 29, on sales of $645 million. "People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing," said Deborah Fallows, the Pew researcher who wrote the report. The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January. And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden, the missing leader of the al-Qaida terrorist network, is becoming more of a hero, not less of one. We firmly believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' to name our network. A federal judge Thursday granted a request by the Food and Drug Administration to shut down Rx Depot, a popular Internet company that sells cheaper prescription drugs from Canada. Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Kevin Umphrey at 688-4163 or Crime Stoppers at (800) 458-8477. The panels outline the twin towers' history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction by terrorists on Sept. 11, 2001. Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the tradition of arranged child weddings among Roma, as Gypsies are also known. The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon. Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol. Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan. Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday. A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway. The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case. Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot. For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins. Disney spokeswoman Rena Callahan said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the only reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them kept in place. Late last week, sources told Reuters cable TV company Comcast Corp. CMCSA.O also was looking at buying VUE assets. The caretaker, identified by church officials as Jorge Monzon, was believed to be among the missing, who are presumed dead. As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603. But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery. "Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says. E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it. The fawn, named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago. Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals. But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike, Hevesi found. The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday. Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases. Shares of Pleasanton-based PeopleSoft rose 4 cents, to $16.96, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Quinn was assigned to the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, based in Fort Carson, Colo. As for a free trade area, the official stressed that weve got a long, long way to go, and the Pakistanis understand that. The NCSD has about 60 employees, Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection, said at a briefing today. But he urged the delegates who elected him to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to believers who "will not understand what you've done here today." The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.48 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,661.51, based on the latest available figures. "This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, senior vice president of operations at Dominion Virginia Power. Im hearing the same things I listened to 17 years ago. Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists. The cables can carry far more power, and can be turned on and off like water spigots, making billing more accurate, Taub said. Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office. One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty. Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault. Koizumi told reporters at his office that Konoike's remarks were "inappropriate." The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $40 billion of the cost. White, who had kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, had been undergoing dialysis and had been hospitalized since a September stroke. In July, the Hopkinton, Mass., company agreed to buy Legato Systems of Mountain View for $1.3 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined by 4.39, or 0.4 percent, to 998.88, after losing 6.11 on Thursday. The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains. Shares of Cellegy plunged $1.99 to $3.23 Monday on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Haskell said 57 percent were Hispanic, 10 percent Asian, 7 percent black and 16 percent white. This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." Matthew Lovett, 18, of Oaklyn, N.J., was among those arrested. In math, 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient. That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission. That compares with a profit of $446 million, or seven cents per share, on revenue of $6.32 billion in the same period last year. Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06. Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare. Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent. The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale. Apple has also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols. I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo. Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package. The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company. He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries. Hoffa, 62, vanished the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit. The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached. Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer. "So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors. Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher. FCC officials said the embedded electronic signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer copies to the Internet. Athough Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers say they have no evidence that other brands are safer. "It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist," the source said. Linux company SuSE was today acquired by Novell in a $210 million all-cash deal. Both have been identified as some of the hijackers who flew American Airlines Flight 77 into the Pentagon. Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, said she is undereducated and has some mental problems herself. Also Monday, one soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad. Dennehy’s family reported him missing June 19, about a week after he was last seen on the Baylor campus in Waco. According to WWF, a further 13,000 individuals are estimated to be caught around the Straits of Gibraltar and in neighboring zones. Malvo goes on trial next month in the death of an FBI analyst. He had also said on the eve of Monday's talks that an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, would be welcome. Most of that – $US51 billion – was for American troops in Iraq, while another $US10 billion was for US forces in Afghanistan. In addition, two of his cousins - members of the Jordanian royal family - have been mentioned as possible competition for the throne. A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time. But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so. The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8. The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64. A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called "field commander" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month. Leung, who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted, also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights. "No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement. "Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said. The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer. Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) shares closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen. A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the "most prolific Internet groomer ever caught" has been jailed for five years. Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”. "Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter. Some 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million. He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter. Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball. "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay. The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said. Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent. The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures. The Phillies were apparently upset when Counsell stole during the sixth with the Diamondbacks up 7-1. In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month. Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. (BTU), were up more than 3 percent at midday. His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea. Under the plan, which GM and Dow were to announce Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment. In 1999 the American Film Institute named Hepburn as the 20th century's greatest screen actress. They include two sitting archbishops, Harry J. Flynn of Minneapolis-St. Paul and Edwin F. O'Brien of the Military Services, head of all US military chaplains. Al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 while on a mission to buy explosives for bombing targets in Singapore. Changes in air pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency. Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have stepped in overnight and in Tokyo on Friday. Ontario Premier Ernie Eves announced yesterday that a former judge would conduct an independent investigation of how the province and city handled SARS. Thus, he said, there did not have to one deadline to create the economic community. Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines. Bo Hitchcock, Levin's attorney, declined to comment Friday. The broadside came during the recording on Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said. All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer. The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said. Nissan North America Inc. said Wednesday it was moving production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee, adding 800 jobs. "Kahuku Ranch has world-class qualities—tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity," he said. Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items. The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000. Keanu Reeves and Hugo Weaving in a scene from the motion picture The Matrix Revolutions. Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets. Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement. "Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started. Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis. Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt. The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004. Mr. Daschle said the Senate had confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Mr. Bush took office. The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman". This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added. Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home. Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement. Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals. Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer. Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored. If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States. If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent. Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message. Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville. Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million. Taiwan reported 18 additional cases giving it a total of 149 cases and 13 deaths. Nonetheless, the economy "has yet to exhibit sustainable growth." Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction, arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property. Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser. "The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people," Bush told a joint news conference with Blair. New cases of SARS might continue to appear, the authors write ominously, "until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted." Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said. "Furthermore, with the target funds rate at 1 per cent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said. AOL Communicator can consolidate e-mail from multiple AOL screen names, as well as from other POP and IMAP-based e-mail accounts. In exchange for new tax breaks, it would remove $55 billion of tax subsidies for exporters that are illegal under international trade law. "This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," Hagel said on ABC's "This Week." The worker's taxable income is reduced by that amount, saving money at tax time. A further 10 million shares were transferred to a charitable trust, after which they were also sold. He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 – well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said. The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died. But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai. The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control. Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases. She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites. He tried to fight off officers and was taken to a hospital after a police dog bit him but was later released. His wife, who he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his lengthy mission, waited in Moscow. The announcement, which economists said was not a surprise, may be bittersweet for the millions of Americans without jobs. Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked "that we hit the target well", Mr Bafana said. Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident. Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it." The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days. Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland. A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups. Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death. A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage. Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission. Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago. The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons. Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission. The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general. The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12. Coca-Cola's shares were steady in late morning trading in New York, down just 13 cents to $43.88. Only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds know that their child has had sex," the report says. WorldCom's problems came to light last year, and the company filed for the largest bankruptcy in US history in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities. Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people. If the creditors turn down the bailout plan, LG Group may have to closedown its card business. In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday. They said it affects all default installations of Windows 2000, Windows XP  and Windows 2003 Server. "I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy. "Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said. Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and in a 1997 Georgia killing. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA. The number of host names using BSD is nearing 4 million, whereas the number of active sites is nearly 2 million, Netcraft said. The move came as police continued to question a suspected potential suicide bomber arrested in the southwestern town of Gloucester last Thursday. Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid ever-falling domestic interest rates. According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him." Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier. The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34. The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say. "After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing. If requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use. A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne, the spokesman for the archdiocese, was not immediately returned. "This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said. Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday. Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons. At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum, she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19. Her father, Florin Cioaba, the king of Transylvania's Gypsies, had her brought back and she was married against her will. It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry. Claire had advanced to the third round of the 76th annual Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee. The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes. Citigroup Inc. C.N , the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group. The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger. Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action. "Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes. However, the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34. Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi. "I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said. Making jokes about a mistake like that, that's not something good people do. House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program. The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said. The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning. The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls. The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally. There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now. One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air. It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business. "They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney. OS ANGELES, Oct. 24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, bring urban vitality to the city's uninviting downtown area? Let me just say this: the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community. The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in. The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share. We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . . "Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement. The stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy. Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants. While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million). Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year. The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999. Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent. Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise. The television report that cost Forlong his career at Sky News and his wife a husband was aired on March 29. "The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in SCO's direction," said Darl McBride, SCO's president and CEO. For now, the company's management appears to be standing behind Stewart. But Democrats can block any potential nominee through a filibuster if they can get 41 votes. After a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment, Rodriguez, who was at the auto shop, agreed they should notify police. In lieu of a direct patch, Microsoft has proposed a workaround that consumers can implement until a new patch is released. The company also defended its right to "create a video game experience with a certain degree of realism." EMC intends to operate Legato as a software division of EMC from Legato's current base in California. The boys are expected to surrender voluntarily to Pennsylvania authorities within the next several days, Zimmer said. But late yesterday, the campaign and the state Democratic Party said there would be no news conference. But the measure also requires the secretary of health and human services to certify that the reimportation can be done safely. But Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit and promised services would not be curtailed. Max Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured Wednesday in a nightclub at the beach resort of Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities said. The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box. This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until his term ends in 2006, unless his government falls before then. No one has found blood, bones or any other trace of the child. The airline expects to save another $100-million a year through management layoffs and pay cuts. When shown pictures of unfamiliar faces, adults who were shy toddlers showed a relatively high level of activity in a part of the brain called the amygdala. Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John Warner, R-Va., said he plans hearings. National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees. Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament. Mr. Istomin was on the piano faculty of the Manhattan School of Music and participated in Professional Training Workshops at Carnegie Hall. After a day of testimony, Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon. "The Congress of the United States has never — ever — outlawed a medical procedure," said Rep. Louise McIntosh Slaughter (D-N.Y.). A U.S. soldier was killed in the early hours Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad, and another American serviceman died Friday. In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share. When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat. The Senate motion also called on Prime Minister John Howard to hold a royal commission into child sex abuse. Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback rose 0.15 percent to $1.3260 <CAD=> as the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged. AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it. Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia. He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders. But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that could be from the Bank of Japan. The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point. Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff. Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick. A smaller number, 8 per cent, looked for higher profits through price increases. Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township. "We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation. RJR spends an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR. Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage. The tube was removed Wednesday from Terri Schiavo, 39, at the Tampa Bay-area hospice where she has lived for several years. DNA tests will be performed to confirm his identity. Penn Traffic entered chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization May 30. The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself. Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV. The Air Force inspector general and the Pentagon also are investigating. More than 60 suspected cases have been reported in the United States, none of them fatal. The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said. Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move. Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor. A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported. The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison. Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange, while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $49.50. In several previous shipwrecks, the search for survivors had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for. It turned out that the "weapon" was part of a Halloween costume. UAL bankruptcy attorney James Sprayregen said at a court hearing the company will submit an updated business plan to the Air Transportation Stabilization Board, but gave no timeframe. There are estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises in Iraq, but most of the businesses are currently inoperative, he said. Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later yesterday as a U.S. convoy was travelling near Falluja, just west of Baghdad, killing an U.S. soldier and wounding three others. On Friday, 83 strike supporters were arrested for blocking traffic. Boeing said yesterday that Southwest exercised options to purchase 15 737s for delivery next year. After 18 months, the atorvastatin patients had no change in the plaque in their arteries. Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit. "I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said. Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday. "If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches for years to come." The program, which only briefly downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer, is invisible to the computer's owner. Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million. On March 6, the board, most of whose members were appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to impose the hikes. Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said. Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million. The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications. "We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it." Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said. Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center. "But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech." But it now has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants. Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games. Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes. The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal. The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians. In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves. "Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing," Mr. Connolly said. At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured. "This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said. The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman accused President Bush on Wednesday of presiding over a new economy with old thinking, and for failing to reward innovation in the workplace. Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan. He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers." The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text. The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen<JPY=> and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs<CHF=>. Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value. "Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday. Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth. The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18. Every day more American soldiers die. A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them. The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years." Drinking more coffee may reduce the risk of developing the most common form of diabetes, a study has found. In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high. A car and a house were hit in the latest shootings, said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff's office. In a letter sent to The New York Times after his resignation, Mr Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologised for his "lapse of journalistic integrity". No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection. Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday. In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session. Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing recall several recall cases, one of which a Los Angeles court dismissed on Friday. To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com. He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400. Schwarzenegger has admitted to occasionally living the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose. The case marks the court's second major separation of church and state case in two years. In 2001, the number of people on death row dropped for the first time in a decade. Subway, bus and suburban rail services in France's four largest cities -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, transport authorities said. Perkins also had a $200,000 buyout clause in his contract. Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity. "The lives of American war-fighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," Joseph Schmitz, Defence Department inspector general, said. Rehnquist wrote that the system was not narrowly tailored to achieve the interest in educational diversity. Thirty-eight percent of cancer patients in five urban clinics believed the myth that the disease spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a survey. H-P came in second with nearly $3.32 billion in sales and 26 percent of the market's revenue. She has the confidence of having beaten her for the first time and she is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss of two days ago. The attacks came two days after suicide bombers detonated a truck bomb in a Government compound in northern Chechnya, killing 59. "I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination and when my car is due for maintenance," he said. Since sinking to 2003 lows in early March, the Dow Jones industrial average has rallied 13.8%. "Once the legislation enters into force, it opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomon Islands and to carry out law-enforcement functions. Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon. The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment at the CIA. According to the BBC, the group's interim report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material". Pearson, led by Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, publishes its interim results this week. Randall Simon followed with an RBI single to right. "In fact, I was physically sick several times at this stage, because he looked so desperate," she said. No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and few were predicting what fate the bill would meet there. "This case is about a woman who for over 20 years dedicated herself to this country," Levine said. The firewall in the current Windows XP was known as the Internet Connection Firewall (ICF). "In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" yesterday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla . . . effort." The farmers market reopened Saturday; at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition. A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, television said. A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment. State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois. No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case. The head of the panel -- Tillie Fowler, a former US representative from Florida -- told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them. They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years. Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143. "It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman. The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor. Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together. But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion. They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit. The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety. The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world. A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share. British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station. In the clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs. Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security. Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively." Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot. The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus. Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son. A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung. In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having shed 2.3 percent last week. Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson (nasdaq: QCOM - news - people) jumped $2.88, or 15.7 percent, to $21.28. Shares of Corixa rose 54 cents, or about 8 percent, to close at $7.74. Nevertheless, PeopleSoft must review Oracle's tender offer and make a recommendation to shareholders. Last week, Nur al-Din Muliff, a 36-year-old of North African origin, was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne. His next play, "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?" a satire on Hollywood, lasted more than a year on Broadway. "I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday. Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia. It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments. An unclear number of people were killed and more injured. Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office. CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter. The answer, the group said, would be to "create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats." Committee approval, expected today, would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday. Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures. Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform. Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case. PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family. Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results." The husband's family says he has since passed two lie detector tests. However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said. "Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday . On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said. The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user. Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting, along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim. The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release. Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne was in intensive care today as he continued his “steady” recovery from a quad bike accident. Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average. He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria. O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony. Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act. Preventing stronger gains, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell 1.3 percent to A$12.43 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 1.9 percent to A$4.75 after a weak performance overnight. Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days. All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer. Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country. But he confessed: "There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds." Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view. Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001. Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared. Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite. About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional. About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight. "There is always a danger of casualties in something like this. "She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store. The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot. He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said. Sovereign, based in Philadelphia, expects to close the acquisition in the first quarter of 2004. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977. The high profile, two-week campaign was designed to show a strong police presence around London and resulted in 42 arrests, which a spokesman said was "pretty impressive". Bethany, who remained in stable condition after the attack Friday morning, talked of the attack Saturday. The governments of those countries have said that despite rising public opposition, their support will not waver. Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths. Other, more traditional tests are also available. All along, we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time," she said. The Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7. In a statement Monday, his lawyer John Keker said ``Frank Quattrone is innocent. It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio. The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28. Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year. Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place. Southwest's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002. If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty. Separate downloadable patches are available for the client and administrative versions of Office. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.64 points, or 0.34 percent, at 1,672.22. Since Sept. 11, 2001, the six largest airlines have lost a combined $18 billion. Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds'' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum. July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649. A top aide to state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was charged Wednesday with raping an unidentified, 22-year-old female state Assembly employee. Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage. He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms. In 1975 he married Marta Casals, the widow of Pablo Casals. "We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California. The arrest was reported in The Washington Times today. The card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the cardholder. The third and final film, "The Matrix Revolutions," will be released in November. The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire. Their appointments increase Berkshire's board to nine from seven members. The high court reversed a decision by a U.S. appeals court that upheld the law. The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese. Significantly, it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah, accused of being behind the attacks. One, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous." The MDC said a supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18. That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, Boucher said without identifying them. "Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of aircraft financing in this country," said Paul Tellier, Bombardier chief executive. Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60. A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital. The newspaper also reported that two key leaders were out of town during part of Columbia's flight. Without an adopted resolution, no Iraqi, U.S. or U.N. entity in Baghdad has the legal authority to export oil. "The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up." In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters. The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday. She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until after her death. The United Nations has about 700 troops on the ground, but they have neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting. Garner said reconstruction will not be as difficult as he anticipated because the war caused less damage and created fewer refugees. It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said. The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs. French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040. He had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released. "This is not unanticipated," Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday. Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, in which 19 people died. The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions. The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days. "I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said. A senior law enforcement official, discussing the case on grounds of anonymity, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba. Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers. "That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says. Investors were askingwhether other banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way. Bennett told Newsweek that "over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even." "It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas. "We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney. "The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said. But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation. Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program. Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87. This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident. There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey. Within WSE 2.0, WS-Trust, WS-SecureConversation build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage relationships and secure conversations. The high court will hear arguments today on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users. He also left out any reference to amending the constitution to guarantee private property rights. The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts. "More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq. BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange. They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead. Because of the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30. The parade, which moves west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, went through the district Davis represented. The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents. "But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech." Some Wall Street analysts believe stocks have rallied too far, too fast, given the muddled picture of the economy provided by recent data. The NASD alleges that the analyst flew multiples times on Tyco's corporate jets for business trips, sometimes accompanied by Kozlowski. It had a margin of error of plus or minus five percentage points. Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law. Reagan is played by James Brolin, who is married to singer Barbra Streisand, a leading Democratic activist. A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York. A federal appeals court on Thursday overturned a judge's order that would have forced Microsoft to include competitor Sun Microsystems' Java software in its Windows operating system. "You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide. The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73. The warnings were issued on Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda. Friday's report raised new worries that a weak job market could shackle the budding economic recovery despite a slight improvement in the overall unemployment rate. The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said. An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol. PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s revised bid of $19.50 per share. Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case. Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991. Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents, citing the new tax law. Tuesday’s testimony is to give an inside look at tax-shelter development and marketing. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 1.8 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,732.50. It canceled its third-quarter earnings announcement, which had been scheduled for this morning. They traded down early this year to 60 percent of face value on fears Aquila may default. In addition, Hambali laments, "all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests," and "JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money." Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping. The unusual decision to declassify a major intelligence report was a bid by the White House to quiet a growing controversy over Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs. But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says. Many doctors say she is in a persistent vegetative state and cannot recover. The registry was launched with $20 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency. In the first quarter, SCO had reported a net loss of $724,000, or 6 cents per diluted share, on revenue of $13.5 million. "He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said. Then, about two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice, the Aviation Trail group and others made a decision to protect and polish what remained. Potter added that sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest but sales of discretionary items such as decorative accessories are still weak. The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87. Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent). BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year, Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday. The discoveries came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi, who was not injured. "It was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use. The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness. But homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have now been postponed indefinitely. He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said. In the entire fiscal year, the company lost a record $1.27 billion, or $2.11 a share, on sales of nearly $3.1 billion. The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges. "I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said. GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses. Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was. "This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes." Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting. In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer. But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control." Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer. It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people. They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software. Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom. The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp. Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94. New York has by far the country’s most expensive Medicaid program, costing taxpayers $7,646 per recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936. In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher. Other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods. Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft. Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved. A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit. Of the 23.5 million high-speed lines, 16.3 million provided advanced services, which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions. Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville. Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center. Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores. Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion. Despite generic competition for acne drug Accutane, flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion. Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted. Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released. It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year. At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue." Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average. After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead. "I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that. "The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines," Arroyo said in a statement on Monday. Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Market's composite index rose 3.41 points to 1,915.31. "We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations. Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money. Last week, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan. Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said. By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years. Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net. The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months. In February 2000, the officers — Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were acquitted of all charges in the killing. I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening. Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb. "Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said. Since last April, scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed. One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert. The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans. The share price of Berkeley-based Xoma lost 73 cents a share, or 13 percent, to $4.76 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. "We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he said at a news conference in which he introduced his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson. Another 29 cases were listed as suspected, and officials warned that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored. "The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said Thursday. Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system. Police investigating a deadly hit-and-run accident went to the home of Phoenix's Roman Catholic bishop on Monday and found the windshield of his car caved in, authorities said. He replaces Leland Brendsel, 61, who retired as chairman and chief executive. Progress Software Corp. is acquiring DataDirect Technologies Ltd., a privately held supplier of data-access software, for approximately $88 million, the companies said Friday. Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall. Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion. As previously announced, the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12. For instance, the core Java Enterprise System will cost $100 per employee in the US. The memo analyzed lawful activities like recruiting demonstrators, as well as illegal activities like using fake documentation to get into a secured site. Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said. United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers. Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week. Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said. Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits "The Impossible" and "Brokenheartedsville." They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo. The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use. Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said. BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent. Martha Stewart shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser. By late Thursday afternoon, Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment. The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data. In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications. We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting. Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators. Geoghan, 68, was taken to Leominster Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 1:17 p.m. "With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart. Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night, Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network. Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund company, said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses. "Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees. General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken". Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday. Officials with the rebel group Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy could not be reached for comment Saturday. Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's first quarter, although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter. In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC. But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made. "These are defining moments for players and organizations," Anaheim coach Mike Babcock said. He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets, including US and Australian diplomatic posts. They did not nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said. Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time. The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early. BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share. In 2001, Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998. The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements". The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14. The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital. The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004. But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur. The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal." The second rover is scheduled for launch later this month, and both vehicles are expected to arrive at Mars in January. The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call. Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board. The Sars illness, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel. The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq. A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday. A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said. Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client. WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event." The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years, versus 12 percent inflation during the period. The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days. Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries. Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman John Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical." Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), a supporter of Boxer's bill, sent a letter to President Bush on Wednesday demanding action on the legislation. He was sentenced in June to more than seven years in prison for securities fraud, perjury and other crimes. They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but did not exchange words. The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested. Rogge was a witness to Drummond's tantrums Sunday at the World Track and Field Championships. Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph. Two brothers who were among seven people accused of aiding terrorists pleaded guilty yesterday to charges of conspiring to help Al Qaeda and the Taliban during the war in Afghanistan. Like Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis. He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington. The proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi, reading 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him. He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials. Scruggs, who did not testify, was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care. The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress. "The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week. As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past." People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage. Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music. Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers." LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months. Mr. Caramore said the district waited for the subpoenas and planned to cooperate with the investigation. Barrenas's team tested the hearing of 479 men, aged 20 to 64, who were exposed to noise in their jobs. In May, Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn that seeks more than $20 million in damages, Hart said. "We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," said Phil Marineau, the chief executive. In Nigeria alone, the report estimated that between 100,000 and 1 million girls and women are suffering from the condition. Global HRT sales were worth $3.8bn (2.4bn) in 2001, according to Datamonitor, the London-based market research company. About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference. The Cubans were spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two vessels were sent out to the area, Petty Officer Ryan Doss said. She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear. "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," he told the Register. Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates that the Gigabit Ethernet switch market will total about US$12 billion in 2004. Robbins said he wants to take networks such as ESPN that charge more than $1 per Cox customer and make them optional choices. Of those, 14 were passengers sitting within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, Ryan said. It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants. German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said last week that Berlin will consider sending peacekeepers only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations. Four years ago, Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising. At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23. "This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters. The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February. Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message. Freddie Mac shares fell $1.50 on Wednesday, to close at $50 on the New York Stock Exchange. Elsewhere in theaters this weekend, "X2" earned $17.1 million to raise its three-week total to $174 million. Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts. But its most popular comedy, Friends, will sign off after a two-hour finale next May. He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off. Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade. SIRTF is the last of NASA's so-called Great Observatories. "We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday. Sergeant Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because the victim had been jaywalking. "I've played Brazilian music, but I'm not Brazilian. The book, scheduled for publication next month, has been described by Franken as a criticism of right wing leaders and media spokespeople. The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria. "New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife. Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response. The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet. "Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America," said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran. Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003. As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation. The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery. Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon. Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges. Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from. Judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse. Earlier Friday, Taiwan reported 55 new cases but no new deaths. Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares. Operating revenues were down about 1 percent to $4.55 billion, from $4.59 billion. As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home, many chanted "Celia, Celia." One in seven 15-year-olds and nearly one in 10 six-year-olds are obese. "Spam knows no borders," said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior vice-president and general counsel. Evans is also the vice-chairman of the Federal Chief Information Officers Council. Phone companies, which have argued that DSL should be subject to less regulation, had mixed reaction. Many of the affected countries, such as Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to this hemisphere. The huge bottom line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion-pound asset writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge. BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month. In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said. Watson, of Whitakers, N.C., was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives, and destruction of federal property. "The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill. Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe. It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms. His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority. The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation." "We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman. He has a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he'll stand trial. "They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director. But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards." WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image. Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter. Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans. Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine. The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now. "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive," Goldman said. Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June, said Veritas, and will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client. Mr Estrada has denied any involvement in the plot. It was still not known exactly how many people were on the plane, which could carry 141 passengers and crew. China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live. But labor leaders say it is often hard for these people to join a union because many employers aggressively fight organizing efforts. Before the commitee was formed, Mr Howard was defiant, saying Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries". The Democratic sample has an error margin of plus or minus 6.1 percent. Advertising revenue at the Financial Times was down about 18 percent in the first half and recent months have seen little improvement. He added that: "We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261." The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally pushed the broad S&P 500 index up more than 20 percent since mid-March. Waksal, who pleaded guilty to securities fraud charges, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years. Scotland Yard said in a statement it had charged a 46-year-old man and two women aged 27 and 35 with failing to disclose information about acts of terrorism. Witnesses believe he wanted to crash Flight 1737, which had 47 passengers and six crew. The Virginia attorney-general, Jerry Kilgore, accused the Supreme Court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens". Big Blue will integrate Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with its DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products designed for businesses. Now research by Melbourne's Alfred Hospital will change how the public and doctors check for melanomas. Spider-Man, rated PG-13, snatched $114.7 million in its first weekend and went on to take in $403.7 million. In Las Vegas, federal agents stormed two clubs - Cheetah's and Jaguars - along with Galardi Enterprises, an office atop a bar in downtown. The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam. Because of the holidays, CDC is not releasing data from the period since Dec. 27 until today. As he sat down to hear the indictment, Samudra looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted "Takbir!", or "Proclaim!", a religious rallying cry. The company added: "IBM believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of a customer of  IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit. "The financial diplomacy we're engaged in is the surest course to get what we want," Mr. Snow said. "Now I want to know whether or not the help that is available is being expedited and made available. Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through. The more broadly based Nasdaq Telecommunications Index rose 0.7 percent. The only difference is a tuner, a small piece of electronics." And when butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly toward the sun, apparently having lost their sense of time. Agents described Carlow, 50, as a "major player'' who organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states. DJs will pay homewares and furniture group Freedom $10 million to take over the Foodchain store leases. Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company. A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment. The collaboration gives architect David Childs, who has done extensive work with Silverstein, the lead role in developing the tower, which is to be the world's tallest. O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos would have enough resolution to detect small cracks in the wing panels. Residents of 220 homes forced out of their houses Sunday returned Monday, many to flooded basements or lower floors. According to Central Command's initial reports, the attackers fired from a mosque in the city. But last week the executive committee of the board of trustees gave him a vote of no confidence. Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side. Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and a member of DaimlerChrysler's management board, said EPI and P&W had presented "excellent proposals. The products are priced at $575 and $295 in quantities of 10,000. The findings are published in the July 1st issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine. D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday. Mike Austreng, editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record, said he saw one wounded student taken from the school by helicopter. They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco". A photograph of the doctor's son, Ariel, holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death. Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 21.35 points, or 1.33 percent, to 1,624.91. Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings. Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers. "Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced," said Falcon in a statement. For the year, Marvell expects revenue of $760 million to $790 million. In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30. The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban. Stealing identities and credit card numbers with bogus e-mail and websites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet, federal officials warned Monday. He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said. Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged. For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent. On Sunday August 3, the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire. Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures. After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas. But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved. "The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing. The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week. Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday. Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country. The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time. Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles. The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said. Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange. It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers. At midday Saturday, automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter. Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items. Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. The government charged that Awadallah knew both hijackers when they lived in the San Diego area. The panel said some of NASA's cameras were obsolete and others no longer have a good view, because of civilian buildings built near them. Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews. The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion. That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years. Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hopes that Massachusetts' supreme court will take a similar step soon. Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI was up 0.1 percent last month, compared to a rise of 0.2 percent in July. The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare, the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron. The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people. Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1. The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan. Operating expenses fell 28 percent to $47.1 million in the first quarter from $65.8 million a year earlier. Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi for past bombings. A federal judge yesterday struck down the national do-not-call registry slated to take effect Oct. 1, ruling the Federal Trade Commission had no authority to create the list. The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter. The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02. New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million. Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted. Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday. AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6, the royal family's coroner announced overnight. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan suggested on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia. Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing. MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning. "We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said. Veritas said new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client. Microsoft in Europe could not be immediately reached for comment. They did visit after her feeding tube had been removed, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Roman Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly. He is expected to ask for a lifeline of around €50m to pay suppliers and keep the company afloat. Economists said those concerns raised the odds that the Fed might reduce rates at its next meeting on June 24-25. In the first half of this year, the company lost $56.7 million. The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829. "We think it's great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode. From 1976 to 1980, it said, 6 percent of children ages 6 to 18 were overweight. The charges carry up to 25 years in prison and $1.25 million in fines. In the total external disk storage system market, McArthur said revenue increased 1.5 percent year-over-year in Q3 to $3.2 billion. An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found. The legislation, which now goes to the full House, would amend the state's 1988 corporate takeover law. They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation. The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues. In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107, while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612. In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once-bustling streets and department stores and restaurants are virtually empty. Spike Lee no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on his name by calling its own venture "Spike TV," according to a statement read in court Tuesday. Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain. Accusations of improper activity are as false today as when the Democrats first made them." The euro was steady versus the Swiss franc after hitting its highest since mid-2001 of 1.5261 earlier in the session. Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries. The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. In 1999, Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state. Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront. That client component, the Microsoft Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, is what Microsoft posted for free download Tuesday. The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about. But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch. Justices Stephen Breyer, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed. Cool, moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes. The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei. Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April. The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said. Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday. But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved. Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year. The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000. PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien (), the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today. In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion. Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic." SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year. Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning. Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles, publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday. Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers. He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops. Officers talked with the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said. "There are some who feel like conditions are such that they can attack us there," Bush told reporters at the White House on Wednesday. That fire devastated timber on the reservation, while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities. LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line all were stealing market share, he said. Amazon.com shipped more than a million copies by Saturday afternoon, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history. The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny. "A lot of these are made-up stories," Schwarzenegger told NBC television. He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution. Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors. The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November. Chances were, he said more than a week ago, he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit. The appeal came as NATO was preparing to the take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday. Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion. "She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room," Mr Gest says of one incident. After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing. Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video. The committee will make recommendations to Publisher Arthur Sulzberger, Executive Editor Howell Raines and Managing Editor Gerald Boyd. The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances. "There's nothing we can do to stop" the water flow, Stegman said. Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow's policy shift a "mistake." The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday. Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network. Rashidi Ahmad, 33, was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, near Franklin Boulevard. Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread. Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq. It's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound. They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, the official said. Johnson and four other protesters, ages 69 to 86, were arrested for blocking the roadway. The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft. Vivendi argues the agreement was not approved by its board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances at the time. Two CIA operatives have been killed in an ambush in Afghanistan, the CIA said yesterday. "It's great to be back home," said Lu, dressed in a woolly coat near the blackened capsule. After Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9, Riley forecast significant cuts in state programs. Last Saturday, a six-wheeled robot developed by NASA landed on Mars and began sending back images of the planet. He said a man in the seventh row in a "brown suit raced past me with his hands raised in the air" armed with sharp stakes. On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed a similar class-action lawsuit filed by investors who lost money in Merrill's Global Technology fund. The other six security agencies will report to a National Security Council headed by Arafat. Congress passed the measure twice and President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the lack of a health exception, vetoed it. The Syrian government has had no public reaction to the clash. State police Lt. Timothy Doyle said Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other, and that Hackett had no connection to the college. "The choice was up to the dictator and he chose poorly," Mr Bush said. Just before dawn Tuesday, searchers found the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo. "However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment." The median household earned income fell $500 over the same period to $42,400. President George Bush called the blackout "a wake-up call" to modernise the nation's power-sharing system. She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military. The main change, said CNN president Jim Walton, was a fundamental shift in the way the network collected its news. Australia will introduce legislation later this year to ban spam, the Minister for Communications, Information Technology and the Arts, Senator Richard Alston, announced today. Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer. Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow. The Jensens have said they fear the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile. Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past. "You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide. Turkish troops almost surely would become targets for terrorists, the ambassador said. You can reach George Hunter at (313) 222-2027 or ghunter@detnews.com. Estonia was forcibly incorporated in the Soviet Union in 1940 and regained its independence only in 1991. The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said. Microsoft presented several options at the meeting, the consortium said in the statement. About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks. "The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said Carl McCall, the lead director of the NYSE board. A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center. About 57 gang members and associates were arrested across the West on Wednesday, some on charges not related to the casino brawl. Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition." At a hearing Wednesday morning, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men released on bail immediately. Former Secretary of State Bill Jones, another potential major candidate, had not divulged his plans Tuesday. "The flu season has had an earlier onset than we've seen in many years," said Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta. Ms. Johnson's site is www.katyjohnson .com. Mr. Max's is www.tuckermax.com. Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York. Manufacturers and grocers or distributors have a long history of complicated contracts offering retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space. "Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe there's no place but Lowe's Motor Speedway that can do it justice." President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960. "We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said. "All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group," Warner said. Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal. He worked out how to get through the bone with his ``multi-tool''-type knife, made duller by futile attempts to chip away at the rock. The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT." "I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied. A draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised "serious concern". Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, also was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report. Police suspected that Shaichat, 20, had been abducted either by Palestinians or by Israeli Arabs. British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes". During this year's August to October quarter, Lowe's opened 38 new stores, including two relocations. Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report. SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said. Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons. South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female. Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases. Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a "terrorist attack." Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth". This is what Dr. Dean said: "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks. A photograph of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death. Ex-Bears star William 'the Refrigerator' Perry competes in the Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest Friday. Wall Street enjoyed a hefty rally on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence. The senior administration official said neither Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the entire National Intelligence Estimate. Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday. But 62% of Catholics live in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Muhammad, 42, is charged in the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean H. Meyers, 53, at a gas station in Manassas. You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys that are out there competing with the best of us. Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share. The advance guard of the 9,200-strong multinational stabilization force Poland will command in central and southern Iraq left Wednesday on the country's biggest military mission in nearly 60 years. Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq. Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots. Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department. The yield fell 7 basis points to 3.61 percent, the lowest since March 12 and within 7 basis points of a 45-year low. Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows. Excluding the $56 million charge and the accounting change, Ford's third-quarter earnings amounted to 15 cents a share. Sharon has said he is willing to free Dirani and Obeid because holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran. PeopleSoft said the JD Edwards acquisition would close in the third quarter. The dollar was helped on Friday by talk of yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities on Thursday and Friday. Health officials confirmed Tuesday that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River. "It's hard to imagine we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion," Bush said. The House passed the bill 87-26 after the Senate approved it, 32-4. Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control in the last week of May. Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida." The governor will present his budget proposals to the General Assembly in January. The United States is wary of deep involvement in Liberia given commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq. In a brief ruling, US District Judge Joseph A. DiClerico Jr. denied their motion for an injunction. In ''The Order of the Phoenix,'' Harry is 15, and fully a teenager at last. Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water. A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence. Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill. "Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq. Lakhani, 68, is charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists and acting as an arms broker without a license. In Lytle Creek Canyon, the rain caused several mudslides, including a 4-foot-high flow across a road that trapped a car. Prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against corrections officers, although Fine said his inquiry was not finished. In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances." Greg Robinson, a doctor who has AIDS, resigned from Health Canada's advisory committee because of what he described as inconsistencies in the access program. Some of the companys software developers will join Microsoft, but details havent been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsofts security business unit. Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002. The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate. In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches. Annan said terrorism would only be defeated "if we act to solve the longstanding conflicts which generate support for it." Since the election, the group has registered more than 400,000 voters. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 13.68 points, or 1.42 percent, at 977.27. Villalona put it more bluntly: ``He did a bad job going up there,'' he said. "Michael Jackson is unequivocally and absolutely innocent of these charges," Geragos said. An investigation by BaFin, the German financial regulator, has condemned the bank's risk controls. "The nation lost a great citizen," U.S. President George W. Bush said Monday. Material from the Associated Press supplemented this report. Companies expected to benefit from the funds are Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd. and Sharp Corp. Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly could be as many as three. Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation. "They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future. The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea. He said he did not think that the Shenzhou V launch had military applications, even though the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons. Salesforce.com rents software that helps corporate sales people track customer accounts and sales leads. And although he has acted in period dramas before - in screen versions of Jane Austen's "Persuasion" and Charlotte Bronte's "Jane Eyre" - Henchard is a breed apart. U.S. District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for U.S. Sugar Corp., which led the fight against Hoeveler. At least 40 of the outlets will be in California, and analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County. Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and labor's demands to let its workers organize by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process. Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart. The justices declined without comment to review a lower-court ruling that said doctors should be able to speak frankly with their patients. "From now onwards we will embark on rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without any warning to the dictatorship," he said. It has also been revealed that the boy’s family has launched two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a £90,000 settlement in one case. Mr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure of 45 minutes in the dossier. He said the Government still did not know the real reason the original Saudi buyer pulled out on August 21. Of about 30 attempts to reach Mars, only 12 missions have succeeded. Lucent's stock was up a penny at $2.22 in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon. Brian Stokes Mitchell, who stars in a revival of Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya of Movin Out fill out the category. Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario. "The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient. Last week, a national study ranked Nissan's Smyrna plant the most productive in North America. He was identified by his driver's license and cell phone, Utah County Sheriff Jim Tracy said. Drewes and his friend were pulling a mischievous, late-night game of "ding-dong-ditch" knocking on doors or ringing doorbells and running in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton. Advertising and circulation revenues for Martha Stewart Living magazine have taken a hit. But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters. Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House. Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT. Authorities in Alabama said the passage of time, and the transfer or retirement of some investigators, has not hurt their case. Fasting glucose was 142 mg/dL on average for those given usual care, compared with 129 mg/dL in the group given specialized care (P < .01). The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition. Three men and two women who were at the property were arrested under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000. Analysts were expecting a profit of 30 cents a share for the third quarter and $1.31 a share for the full year. Two other priests, the Revs Daniel C Clark and James Hargadon, and a former priest, Bruce Ewing, are awaiting trial. A senior air force official and a member of Parliament also died in the crash, it said. The Nets and the San Antonio Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while embarrassing their high-scoring ABA forefathers. Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1. "I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM." Roberts said on Fox News Sunday that said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of an attack in Saudi Arabia. Neither said whether they would appeal the decision but others said an appeal was certain. Bank of America says its policies prohibit late-day trading, which is illegal. Palm Beach County is prepared to kick in another $200 million to build the institute's campus. Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that doesn't necessarily prompt thoughts of the 46-year-old film director. The American troops from 3-15 infantry, who also defend the compound of the Falluja mayor, have been attacked on two occasions. The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County. Hester said Sanmina's offer was the best among several Newisys received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers. The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine. "At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security," he says. Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings. The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence, Fischi said. Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan. Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national database last month. In January, it accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the U.N. Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process." "If you think this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong." The WHO said in a report on Wednesday that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was not due to farmers, but to overuse of antibiotics by doctors. One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary. The hearing, expected to last a week, will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial. Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. ISPH.O tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98. Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone. Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations. On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded. A senior Malaysian member of Jemaah Islamiah testified on June 26 that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had also called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination. Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez arrived at the airport in separate ambulances. Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery. Paul Adams, BAT managing director, will take over as chief executive in January. "His plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City." Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages Sunday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least three people, the military and rebels said. Second, I am responsible for the approval process in my agency. He said he has initiated a forfeiture action in court and frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed. This will bring Nissan's total capital investment in Tennessee to $2.75 billion. The document warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions in some cases. On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion. Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order. Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried. "Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said. "They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case." At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta. The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday. "Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. " Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement. "He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650. "Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism." The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94. Ragin and Hayes were accused of using a phony tuxedo rental business as a front for laundering proceeds from stolen credit cards. A restaurant worker was sentenced to 30 years in prison Tuesday for the sexual assault and strangling of a sixth-grade girl he met in an Internet chat room. It calls for the return of U.N. weapons inspectors to verify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction. State wildlife officials have concluded that the Florida-grown fluorescent zebra fish poses no danger, and they have recommended that it be exempted from the state's ban. The high today will be about 92 degrees and will drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday. The parents of a Briton being held hostage by Colombian rebels spoke yesterday of their optimism that he would be freed in time for his birthday next month. Gartner Inc. also raised its worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 percent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 percent. McBride characterized Novell's move as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community." Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night: "We are in the process of a thorough internal review. After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday. Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote stereotypes. General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said. Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate. Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal. She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures. "They are obviously hurting so we are basically going over there to help them," Russell, 46, said. The former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race later on. There are three suits challenging the recall still pending in federal court. Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE. St George A prosecutor says a Dorchester County couple was responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son whose body was found in a pond near the family home. The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal. The FBI said at least 7000 computers were infected by Parson's software. The number of days when Texas beaches had swimming advisories dropped from 317 in 2001 to 182 last year. The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra. It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognise the results when Miss Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won by a landslide. The findings will be reported Friday in the journal Physical Review Letters. The nation's capital was quiet today, with the federal government shut down for the second day. Windows Media Player has had security problems before. Avon bondholders have no recourse to Midlands's assets and at one point feared Aquila would default on interest payments. She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public. London Mayor Ken Livingstone announced over the weekend that police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital. In the evening, he asked for six pepperoni pizzas and two six-packs of soft drinks, which officers delivered. Even her request, decades later, to attend her father's funeral on the island was denied. Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 4-to-3 ratio on the New York Stock Exchange. Mississippi is among the bottom five states on nine other measures. Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets. "Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline. "We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11." The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41." In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and that on outpatient hospital care by 14.6 percent. The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away. Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively. No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday. The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern. He was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed," Bush said. Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008. The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, the part requires only minimal external components. For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42. In Chatsworth, 32 miles northwest of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were told to gather their belongings. On Dec. 19, he gave Moore 15 days to remove it, but a week later stayed his order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. The 92-year-old former president is suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid. Last May, Hatfill was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Washington's Georgetown neighborhood. To the Sound-Off caller who said they found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia: NASA is extremely interested in talking to you on a "no-questions-asked" basis. Dr. Roth also said that hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking-lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms were "moving along impressively." Kline's legal opinion differs from the interpretation issued by former Attorney General Bob Stephan in 1992. Taxpayers unsure if they are owed refunds can use interactive features on the IRS Web site to track refunds or advance child credit payments. "If necessary, I will support a constitutional amendment which would honour marriage between a man and a woman, codify that." "That's one reason why I'm running to be president of the United States." The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court. While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance". He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer." Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09. Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry a day later, and six Cubans face trial in Key West in December over a March plane hijacking. Helen Sharkey, 31, and Gene Foster, 44, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud. The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity. Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies. Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct. 10 and 17 and will carry two men. Excluding autos, retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%. IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets. He said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year's fire north of Mount Lemmon. Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share. Iraqi officials here insist that the attacks are being carried out by "outsiders" who slip into Fallujah and attack at night. Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing. GM is also expected to issue $3.5 billion via a convertible bond offering, market sources said. Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final. Two hours later, at 3:22 p.m., a relative contacted police to report a suicide. The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain. Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children’s clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities for children while their parents shop. In contrast, he said, West Nile virus made 4,156 people ill and killed 284 in the United States and Canada last year. Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets. The island reported another 35 probable cases yesterday, taking its total to 418. A former Utah Power meter reader pleaded guilty Wednesday to bombing a power substation during the 2002 Winter Olympics. Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries. He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death. Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said the victims appeared to be customers of the bank. He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror. Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan. It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”. Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1. By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400. "We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members. Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues. "The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city. Earlier this month, Bremer called off a visit here, a move officials privately linked to U.S. uncertainty about the Kurdish issue. The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division. The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares. All three had criminal records for stealing cattle, the statement said. Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files. Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat. But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed. Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court. "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement. But Senator Hill appeared unaware of the intelligence problems that have been of serious concern to US, Australian and British military intelligence officers. Judge Craig Doran said he couldn't determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but said he "has committed an evil act." Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow. Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States. Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest. I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said. The North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month. The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year. The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei. After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said. Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men. The Hartford shares rose $2.88, or 6.6 percent, to close Monday at $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange. In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God." Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others. The deal is expected to close later this month. An evaluation of 240 arthritis patients suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit from taking the medicine, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire. The S3C2440 has a built-in NAND flash boot loader, for example, so that high-density NAND flash memory can be installed without an additional support chip. Pork processing giant Smithfield Foods Inc. said Monday that it won the bidding in an auction for bankrupt Farmland Industries Inc.'s pork business. Excluding food and energy prices, the PPI fell 0.9 per cent, the biggest drop since August 1993. Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982. More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang. Spengler replied, "Didn't your mother die of breast cancer? The new group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004. It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday to counteract the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody's to one step above junk status. "We don't have new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer. "It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference. "It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos. Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators. The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals. Altria shares fell 2.5 percent or $1.11 to $42.57 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser. "I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat." Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family. The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched today outside a Sacramento fire station. The staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires. The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine. No rabies vaccine is available for humans in Zimbabwe and if it was it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs. ODonnell was just 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago. India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state. However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself. She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle. Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars. "This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare. It will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions." Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied. Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers. But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east. Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion. An electronic implant has helped Limbaugh regain most of his hearing. It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion. Finnish Finance Minister Antti Kalliomaki said: "There is no room for a softening." State and federal securities regulators filed civil charges against Putnam Investments and two portfolio managers in the ever-expanding mutual fund trading scandal. "We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year," said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further. Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said. PLAYRIGHT George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? Before Sunday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise. Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations. Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines. During the flight, engineers misjudged the extent of the damage, and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor. The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily. The woman, Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny. The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years. He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field, an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise. Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year. The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May. Druce will face murder charges, Conte said. "We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder. Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space. The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager." Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales. The study, published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research, is likely to also apply to humans, its authors said. Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs. It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism. "Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win." Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year. Governor Rowland said his decision was "not based on any one event." Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up and later released, while Mr Pennisi thinks he may have cracked ribs. The anguish will begin to end and the healing will commence,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone. Breaux outlined a plan Tuesday that would give seniors help with the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs. Port authorities in Romania said two ships that sank during World War II but resurfaced due to low water levels could block river traffic. Grant, a 22-year Monsanto veteran, also has been elected to the company's board of directors, Monsanto said in a statement. Ms. Kethley, who has repeatedly denied any infidelity, has recounted a similar story. With increasing numbers of Bluetooth-equipped mobile phones coming onto the market, "people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth," he said. By the time that Reagan left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today. "Martha Stewart is not being prosecuted for who she is but for what she did." Nelson, 27, is being retried on civil rights charges stemming from the disturbance that led to Rosenbaum's death. A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision. Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: “I don’t think there’s any question about it that they’re going to be very global in nature. No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at it. Police said there was an argument before the slaying at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue around 9 p.m. "But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change," Dr. Goin added. Knight has 29 interceptions in six seasons, all with New Orleans -- including a team-high five last season. Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear. Taupo had been leading Mr Kibblewhite, 62, of Rotorua, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight. Nokia's market share for the second quarter is estimated to be higher than the first quarter, 2003." Before that the division was known as the NASCAR Grand National Series. "Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said. Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday. Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations. He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes. "The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place. That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer. Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart. Palm expects to move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif. The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico. He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts. Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection. Normally, congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census. Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike. Two of Collins' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday. Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition. The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%. U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's could start an important trend. The school had argued that it violated the state's neutrality in religion. He has agreed to a lifetime ban from association with an investment adviser or mutual fund. Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up by phone by making a single toll-free call to (888) 382-1222. The Centcom statement said the gunmen appeared to have fired from a mosque in the city, 50 km (32 miles) west of Baghdad. The Nasdaq composite index dropped 6.8 percent, and the Standard & Poor's fell 4.9 percent. Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers. Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto. Next Monday at about 2 p.m. (CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms. Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said. The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations. The illusionist remained in critical condition Monday with a gaping wound to the neck. Cisco shares gained $1.28 in after-hours trading to $23.08. According to the company, it will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software. Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share. Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying. In the landmark ruling regarding New York City schools, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004. Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15. The House would limit the increases to those troops in the Iraq and Afghanistan combat zones, but not troops supporting those war efforts from bases outside the combat zone. The attack took place under cover of fog at the Erez crossing on the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip. Mr Hughes, who trains three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, has lost 17 kilos since October. It also features Nvidia's own PowerMizer power management system. The DirectBand network was developed with the assistance of SCA Data Systems. On Monday, a suicide car bomber blew himself up close to the United Nations compound in Baghdad, also killing a security guard. The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer. With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as Parvin State Park in Salem County will be open. The most recent recession was short and shallow relative to the nine others, averaging 11 months, that occurred since World War II. Seven Democratic presidential candidates have arranged to address the group, according to The Associated Press. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday. In neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered at the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment. While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan. "We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. "Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result," she said. Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki's status as doubtful. Rescue workers arriving to February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help. Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended. Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1. Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year. When contacted last night, Perkins declined comment. These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program. They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches. Notes: Cabrera, at 20 years, 63 days, is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins. The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier. No dates have been set for either the civil trial or the criminal trial. There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai. Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. McNair was stopped just after midnight by a police officer who reportedly saw his sports utility vehicle weaving on a downtown street. "This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally," Chin said. The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available. Stack testified that he was not asked to do any work for Triumph until June 1999, after a grand jury investigating Silvester subpoenaed Triumph. Federal Agent Bill Polychronopoulos said last night the man involved in the Melbourne incident had been unarmed. The 2.4 GHz radio frequency chipset features radio interference protection and low power consumption. He and colleagues named it Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "swimmer with a large penis." "I think we should hesitate," Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, said at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing. Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62. RIM must either pay NTP the $53.7 million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal. Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a severe outbreak at a Taipei hospital in late April. Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., said the "idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and grotesque," WBAL reported. "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," he told The Des Moines Register. Without the shuttle fleet, NASA is relying on the Russian space program to rotate crew members on the International Space Station and send new supplies to the orbiting laboratory. Some three dozen American and British troops have been killed since Bush declared major combat over in Iraq on May 1. Another piece of the suit will be sent to Virginia for more testing, Conte said. Some Boston bar managers said they worry that banning smoking will create a hazard as groups of smokers huddle outside on sidewalks and in parking lots to smoke. Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday afternoon, but there was no sign of the two women, said Chatham Harbormaster Stuart Smith. Thirty-two U.S. soldiers have been killed in Iraq since President Bush declared major combat over on May 1. Former postal worker, Douglas Lindsell, was sentenced yesterday at Kingston Crown Court after pleading guilty to attempting to abduct a young girl. Rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers assigned to duty in Iraq and Afghanistan. Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible. His protest triggered a 47-hour standoff with police that led to huge traffic jams as commuters backed up in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia. The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14. Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue. Gore said while the Patriot Act made some needed changes, it has "turned out to be, on balance, a terrible mistake." PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items. An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour. Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened. Gainers included Dow components AT&T, which rose $1.25 to $21.75, and General Motors, which rose 57 cents to $37.70. They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease. "We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn). The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again. And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent. The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers. The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine. Music mogul Simon Cowell's latest project, a reality TV dating show called Cupid, airs in the US on Wednesday. The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams's half of the women's draw. The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF= , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session. The emotional communications were made public after a legal skirmish between the authority and The New York Times. The next government is expected quickly to come under pressure to hand over iwar criminals or risk losing crucial Western aid. Staff writer Dave Michaels contributed to this report. New legit download service launches with PC users in mind. On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it. Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year. "We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments," a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday. On the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing. Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said. More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday. The group has already met several times and Gen. Garner said it probably will be expanded to include a Christian and perhaps another Sunni Muslim leader. Blair's office said his Foreign Secretary Jack Straw would take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the EU meeting the prime minister attended last week. If passed, the measure will return to the Senate for concurrence with House amendments. But five pools contained no traces of disinfectant leaving bathers open to cross-infection. Mr Goh said that it was 'especially important given the Sars situation in Singapore'. The reports are among several published this week in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology. The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol (sacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge. Analysts say Davis, who faces a historic recall election in October, could get a boost in the polls with a budget plan in place. "There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills," Baker said. The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66. Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action. He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said. The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection. "The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability." Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor. What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010. Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group. State Sen. Vi Simpson, former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination. It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment. Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world. Mr Li, deputy chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings, is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing. GE stock closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange. Pope John Paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide told Reuters on Friday. Richardson and Fletcher campaign manager Daniel Groves rejected the request. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> added 0.99 points, or 0.1 percent, at 995.69. Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said it highlighted the need for product regulation. Kempenaers said fidelity still exists in some species, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross that mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners. The U.S. troops encountered fire from rocket propelled grenades, mortars and small arms originating from bunkers as well as within and atop surrounding buildings. HCA Inc. (nyse: HCA - news - people), the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $1.21, or 3.2 percent, to $37.14. The sponsors said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed it was worth considering - especially as NATO expands to 26 members. The three men charged with terrorism have been identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt. Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said. Elsewhere, European stocks slipped from their highs but stayed within a few points of year highs. The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held by the United States at a secret location. His lack of co-operation was allowing other JI operatives to remain at large, where they threatened further terrorist acts, Mr Dila said. "Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Mr Sharon said. Security assessments of these facilities should take place every three years. But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores. The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague. The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding. In the United States, heart attacks kill about 460,000 yearly, according to the National Institutes of Health. As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped in Monday's trading, decreasing 87 cents to $15.52 on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The largest number of arrests, about 400, were on charges of manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet. Ships carry 95 percent of international cargo to the United States. One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May. P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor. Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo. "It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states. Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. "His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said. Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region. He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis. News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street. Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease. The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases. They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher. Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange. Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center. DVD music took off, accounting for more than five percent of sales, and legitimate online music broadened its reach. Malvo was in the courtroom for about two minutes yesterday to allow a prosecution witness to identify him. The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers. A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate. In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment. Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident. "I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue." Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000. The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it. Immediately after the blast, people portraying some of the 150 "victims" stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene. "This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said. British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women. A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States. He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists." Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday. They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout. Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms. Yesterday, this honor was given to Firefighter Thomas C. Brick, who died last Tuesday battling a fire in an Upper Manhattan warehouse. In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said. The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor. He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region. Opposition to the bill has come from environmentalists, the Miccosukee Tribe, some scientists and members of Congress. After the shooting, Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend, and allowed her and her daughter to leave. He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday. Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord. Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act. The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years. The lawmakers were departing Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday. Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans. Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation. He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening. The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation. According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses. The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices. Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas. At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network. The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops. A federal appeals court yesterday reinstated perjury charges against a San Diego student accused of lying about his association with 9/11 hijackers. Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds. "If the other rating agencies also downgrade us.. Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias. He greeted the mayor of Miami, Manny Diaz, as "Alex." Lloyds TSB yesterday confirmed that it had received bids for its National Bank of New Zealand operation. Most economists had been expecting a far more dire report, with many expecting to see the fifth month of job losses in six months in September. It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997. McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer. Still, bond bulls can take comfort in the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press. He drove in another run in the fifth inning on a groundout. Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said. A jury convicted novelist Michael Peterson Friday of bludgeoning his wife of five years in the stairwell of their home. Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital. They went into the operations of their own free will," their father Dadollah Bijani said. The yield on the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent. Imagine, one said, what a bullet would do in someone's brain. "Approximately 60 percent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish." Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java. MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59. "The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?" Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders. The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, and Linux. The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent. A law enforcement source in Palm Beach County, where Limbaugh owns a $24 million oceanfront mansion, said last week that Limbaugh's drug use is still under investigation. State Rep. Ron Wilson, a Houston Democrat, joined nine Republicans in approving the bill Saturday. The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open. Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said. Because of the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky. Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development." Oak Brook, IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year's end. But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million. The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17. Mr. Hampton had been living at a residence for AIDS patients in Beth Israel Hospital. Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money. Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish, Conte said. Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008. A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys. Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading. King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters. The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church, Frank T. Griswold III, declined, through a spokesman, to comment on the development Saturday. IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19. Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa. He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted. At 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph. "It's a huge black eye," Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal. Companies are working with the FDA and academics "to try and get some firm answers and not just speculation," Jarman said. Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act. Truck sales for the world's No. 2 automaker dropped 4.1 percent, while its car sales dropped 13.7 percent. The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 percent, said Bossaert, a professor at the University Hospital in Antwerp, Belgium. The natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered in response to a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC. Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs was back in jail tonight after being treated in hospital for pneumonia. The U.S. steel tariffs, which Bush imposed in March 2002, were to officially end at midnight Thursday (0500 GMT), instead of March 2005 as initially planned. After talks, Russian and Saudi energy ministers signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas industry. NTP also said it would seek an injunction preventing RIM from selling the BlackBerry in the United States. Imam Samudra is charged with playing a key role in the planning and execution of the Oct. 12 attacks, that killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists. This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend toward open-source support among business application vendors. Jessica Wheat, who said she and Dusenbery were planning to marry, said Dusenbery was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career. Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status. At 1800 GMT, the Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book summary of U.S. economic conditions. Children get sick from drinking the water: The United Nations Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad. Indeed, the Harry Potter series stands in a class by itself. "The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators," Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday. "Selling it symbolically writes 'Finish' to that chapter in the administration of our city's schools," he said. The SIA forecast that chip sales next year will rise 16.8 percent to $180.9 billion, followed by a 5.8 percent increase to $191.5 billion in 2005. U.S. stocks fell, led by computer-related shares, after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter. Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home. Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers, who turned 62 yesterday, to be fully exonerated at trial. The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation. The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work. Infogrames is to change its name to Atari when NASDAQ opens for trading tomorrow. At 10 p.m. Thursday, Odette was about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston, Jamaica and about 900 miles south-southeast of Palm Beach. AustMag has since asked the experienced US company Fluor to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away. No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place. Congress twice sent similar legislation to former President Bill Clinton, who vetoed it. He has credited Dr. Evans with helping to inspire the idea of federal financing for faith-based programs. The court Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. "High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again," said Assistant Attorney General Michael Chertoff of the Criminal Division. Those systems typically combine institutional and community care and are paid for with combinations of state, federal and private money. A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped. The companies, however, declined to give specifics on customer turnover, saying they would release figures only when they report their overall company performance. The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001. Russia has closed dozens of checkpoints on the border with China and Mongolia, which has also reported SARS cases, until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said. BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19. "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said. Since Dec. 2 the U.S. military has been engaged in a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country. Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002. But the company said over the weekend that its competitors were simply trying to throw up roadblocks to MCIs emergence from bankruptcy. Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not. "I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage," Hubbard said. Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent's team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20-mile-long Disraeli Fjord. Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday. On Wednesday, the Marines shot an attacker near the town of Al-Kut as he tried to run over two Marines at a checkpoint. Among the proposals being considered is for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in two years. The percentage of Californians without health insurance was unchanged, the report showed. He said the court's ruling was a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, but that there was more to be done. Seven people were taken to hospital today after a second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours. The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself. The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company. U.S. officials say operatives loyal to the ousted Saddam government do not require hightechnology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials. Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach filed the lawsuit, which seeks class-action status, on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund in federal court in Manhattan. But August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fuelling a dollar rally. The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries. The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing. At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick. "The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony. Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange. McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community." Although they no longer get the glory, desktop PC exceeded IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said. "Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans," he said in Washington. In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine. In July, PC-related products were the strongest sector with microprocessors up 5.6 per cent and DRAMs up 8.2 per cent over June. Last month The Washington Post also launched a free tabloid aimed at younger readers called the Express. After the French threatened to open fire, the battlewagon turned back. He said eight or nine homes had been destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder. Limbaugh's attorney, Roy Black, has accused the State Attorney's Office of having political motives for its investigation. The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bit/sec within the next two years, a senior Cisco executive said Wednesday. He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store. Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 3 p.m. Arizona time Sunday. Only one of the five buildings in the compound in Baghdad run by the UN Development Program, escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site. Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower. Ahold's U.S. shares rose 52 cents, or 9 percent, to $6.30. Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday. Powell's version made it seem more sinister when he said an officer on the tape ordered that the area be "cleared out." The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498. The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday. Channel Nine has been billed as the most popular commercial station after recently recording 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 17.48 points, or 0.95 percent, at 1,863.18. "It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted," it added. "The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said. Nvidia shares lost 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said. Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10. Cullen is replacing former chief privacy officer Richard Purcell, who left earlier this year. Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient. The agencies warn that the "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans." Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body. "Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before. It consisted of eight blacks, two Guyanese and two whites. But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish. In the 1990's, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins. The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829. The project already has more than 5,000 members committed to relocating to the "free state." This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms. In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday. Beginning Friday, every major exhibitor in the country will donate time to play trailers in more than 5,000 theaters across the United States. The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors. The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations. "I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure. The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush. French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines. "This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets." It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492. "He says he couldn't stop the vehicle ... his statement is he possibly hit the gas instead of the brake," Butts said. Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action today after they abandoned their street patrol to go and watch the American illusionist David Blaine. A former FBI informant, Whitey Bulger is now on the agency's "Ten Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden. Humphries, and his father, William, arrived at IU in the early afternoon and spent the day with IU coach Mike Davis. Before that he held various posts in Virginia, including deputy attorney general. U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months. "They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," he said, referring to the annex. At least two female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses now have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 of their contacts have been quarantined. The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others, police said. Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa. Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he'll miss the governor's civility most. And for the first time, all four pages of the Constitution will be on permanent display. Japan's Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen had strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened in the market to stem the yen's rise. The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group in North America. McDonald's said in a statement that it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for use in the United States. Both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes have scored three straight weeks of gains. Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006. However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors. After all, China isn’t racing anyone…so there’s no great rush,” Clark said. In addition, Apple's new Server Admin tool makes it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the complete set of services built into Panther Server. Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive. Furthermore, Mr Bremer said that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al Islam had slipped back into the country since May 1. Beginning sometime next year, holders of existing paper bonds will be encouraged to exchange them for electronic versions. "It has outraged the membership," said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700. Opposition politicians have described it as a "major failure in coastal surveillance". The suspected militants ambushed the convoy near the town of Spinboldak, U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge said Sunday, a day after the attack. Pauley also announced Thursday that she has struck a deal with Random House to pen two books. But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week. The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates. Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target. The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," aims to help education groups shape their agendas. Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters. Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying. "These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement. US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field. Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months. She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995. After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family. Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores. Analysts have estimated that the two networks could fetch as much as $7 billion. Gates says he wants to see "independent e-mail trust authorities" who "establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes." The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com. Trevor Fetter, who returned to Tenet as president last November, has been appointed as acting CEO, the company said. The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan. The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries. Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy. The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points. Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop. Thursday, Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support. "The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet. Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'. Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter, jumping from 40 to 55. U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from "two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes." The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux. Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates. Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons. In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue. RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for. The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels, spokeswoman Lisa Erickson said. Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003". "It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said. "Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of three. While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome. "Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio. "The message is: If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot, they shouldn't wait. Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children. Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection. The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent. "At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued. Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras. "We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said. The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC. The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close. Current Chief Operating Officer Mike Butcher and Group Chief Financial Officer Alex Arena will report to So. Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002. A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night. But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars. Under the agreement, the settling companies will also assign their potential claims against the underwriters to the investors, he added. Air Commodore John Quaife said the security operation was unprecedented. The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8. General Moseley and a senior aide presented their assessments at an internal briefing for American and allied military officers at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada on Thursday. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44. To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service. The gain came as a result of fewer credit losses and lower interest rates. The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service. Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent. Evidence suggests two victims were taken by surprise, while the others may have tried to flee or perhaps defend themselves or their friends, police said. In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft. Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist. "I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great Sopranos saga," said HBO Chairman Chris Albrecht in a statement. He and Zilkha believed that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health. "There's no reason for you to keep your skills up," U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz told McGriff after he was sentenced. "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill," Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday. "She should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with this important issue," said state budget division spokesman Andrew Rush. Last year, Comcast signed 1.5 million new digital cable subscribers. Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects. The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison. In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior government official said. The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was carried onstage for applause when he was 3 days old. Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there. The daily Hurriyet said the raid aimed to foil a Turkish plot to kill an unnamed senior Iraqi official in Kirkuk. "It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games," Thomas said. Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14. Snow's remark on the dollar's effects on exports ``has a psychological impact,'' said Hans Redeker, head of foreign- exchange strategy at BNP Paribas. The women said victims of rape who came forward were routinely punished for minor infractions while their attackers escaped judgment, prompting most victims to remain silent. "The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its U.K. business," NAB chief executive Frank Cicutto said. "As is the case with all appointees, Commissioner Anson is accountable to me," Rowland said. Oracle on Friday launched a $5.1 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft. Taha's husband, former oil minister Amer Mohammed Rashid, surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28. Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18. Dixon's win moved him into second place in the points standings, 49 behind Kanaan. Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program that also dated from the Depression years. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69. The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday. Stocks closed largely unchanged, with the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index dipping 1.17 points, to 1,046.94. Investigators "were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body," said Chris Butler, who lives across the street in the quiet city neighborhood. Mr. Nicolas is an uncle of Abner Louima, who was tortured by New York City police officers in 1997. The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy. "Sitting around in base camp knocking back cans of beer - that I don't particularly regard as mountaineering." Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren. The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt. The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release. With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer. Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan. "These documents are indecipherable to me," the lawyers said, "and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere." Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting. Two more bodies were seen floating down the river on Thursday, but could not be retrieved due to the strong currents, local reporters said. However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports. Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities, where many of the arrests of key Al Qaeda operatives have taken place. "Our decision today is quite limited," they conclude. The defense said the woman testified under an immunity deal protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code. "Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized, and the outlook remains bright," bureau CEO Greg Stuart says. Kingston also finished with 67 after producing six birdies on the back nine. "At least two of them were supposed to be in positions of leadership for the younger boys. Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen. Its Canadian operations only buy beef from facilities that are federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency. Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The UN has approximately 600 troops in the town, but they were "neither trained nor equipped" to deal with inter-ethnic violence, Mr Eckhard said. In late morning trading, Coke shares were down 2 cents at $43.99 on the New York Stock Exchange. If people took the pill daily, they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists claim. Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq. From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government. Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses. It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25. "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said. MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp. If Shelley certifies enough are valid, the lieutenant governor must call an election within 60 to 80 days, setting the state into uncharted political waters. The most serious breach of royal security in recent years occurred in 1982 when 30-year-old Michael Fagan broke into the queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace. Shares of LendingTree rose 22 cents to $14.69 and have risen 14 percent this year. She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin. "These vulnerabilities all relate to a lack of effective FAA oversight and, if not corrected, could lead to an erosion of safety," said the report. The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise. "I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com. Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com. The five main banks are ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , J.P. Morgan JPM.N , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL]. They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation. Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003. The star, who plays schoolgirl Nina Tucker in Neighbours, went to a specialist on June 30 feeling tired and unwell. Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike. A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment. Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading. In a telephone interview, Don Asper called the attack "bothersome," before he and his wife contacted the firm's web site provider to have the vandalised page replaced. Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud. York had no problem with MTA's saying the decision to shift funds was within its powers. In his speech, Cheney praised Barbour's accomplishments as chairman of the Republican National Committee. If the magazine lost more than $4.2 million in a fiscal year, O'Donnell would be allowed to quit. The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say. During her two days of meetings, Rocca will not meet the rebels since they are banned by the United States as a "terrorist organisation". There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide. By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships--about twice the ships it has today. Macromedia is piloting this product activation system in Contribute to test whether to roll it out to other products. The issue is unlikely to be resolved until Congress reconvenes in early September. The index also did better than the Standard & Poor's 500 index, which increased 3.3 percent. Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning. In dissent, Judge Gerald W. Heaney said the authorities should have allowed Mr. Singleton to be medicated without the consequence of execution. "The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws, and IBMs claims based thereon, or related thereto, are barred." NASA plans to follow-up the rovers' missions with additional orbiters and landers before launching a long-awaited sample-return flight. Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody. The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable on Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17. She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda. They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times." The jury asked to have Mr. Quattrone's testimony about his role in the allocation of stock offerings read to them. "I have said throughout ... I have absolutely no doubt about the existence of weapons of mass destruction. It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow. Court Judge Robert Sweet said the plaintiffs failed "to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald's food and their alleged injuries." A neighbor said a duffel bag containing a woman's body was dug up, and the other body was encased in concrete. At least five class-action lawsuits have been filed, including one in Pennsylvania. Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items. Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors. The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry said it would scrap or return all Canadian beef in store. Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances." Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night. "The Domino application server will be around for the next decade," he said. Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement. CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election. The study is being published today in the journal Science. "The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination," said Pierre Pettigrew, Canada's trade minister, in a statement. Kay was sent to Iraq to co-ordinate efforts to find the weapons that US intelligence reported before the invasion that ousted Iraqi president Saddam Hussein had. "It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information," Tom Daschle, the senate Democratic leader, told reporters. Monday's attacks Monday were among the deadliest against Americans since Sept. 11, 2001. The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis. Police and school officials agreed last week to step up police presence in response to reports of increased violence and gang activity. "We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realized that it was a big thing," Mr. Beer said. Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger is leaving backers in suspense, and former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan will consider if the Terminator balks. But planning for an expansion of Wagerup has been caught up in a heated debate about the existing project's effect on local residents. PeopleSoft management could choose to activate an anti-takeover defense known as a "poison pill," designed to thwart undesired suitors. In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately." Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday. The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida. The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom. Michael Hill, a Sun reporter who is a member of the Washington-Baltimore Newspaper Guild's bargaining committee, estimated meetings to last late Sunday. Coca-Cola said it expected its write-down to cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings. The Defense Department statement said legal access for Hamdi was not required by domestic or international law and "should not be treated as precedent." Clijsters was simply too powerful for Spanish veteran Conchita Martinez, winning 6-2, 6-1. Fayette City Councilman Cedric Wilson identified the dead as Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer. But there is no mention of the economic recovery or the creation of wealth during his administration. The interview Thursday came a day after Britain's Daily Mirror reported Sahhaf had been taken into custody. "I don't know whether that means two years or four years. Walker said he expects that the president's budget will include a request for three percent to five percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years. Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market. Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher. Both have said they are willing to take the slim chance of success for the opportunity to lead separate lives. She had been critically ill after May 7 surgery to replace a heart valve. The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio. Braker said Wednesday that police, as part of protocol, were talking with other children Cruz had access to. The state will consider the police memorial after planning a World Trade Center Memorial, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey. Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress, and that weak links such as being tied to a single server will be eliminated over time. It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission. The State Court of Appeals did not explain the reason for keeping the lower court's unanimous opinion from July. While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998. Powell changed the story earlier this year, telling officers that Hoffa's body was buried at his former home, where the aboveground pool now sits. Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list. Stock futures were trading lower early on Thursday, below fair value, pointing to a lower open. Taiwan reported 22 new cases, for a total of 360 with 13 deaths. Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said. Bladder cancer is the fourth most common cancer in American men and the eighth in women. Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73. The study appears in the latest issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association. Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerage houses to settle investigations of analyst conflicts of interest. Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness. He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time. The three men have pleaded not guilty and their lawyers have asked the High Court to dismiss the charges, saying the state has failed to present a solid case. A Florida grand jury investigating pharmaceutical wholesalers indicted 19 people on charges of peddling bogus or diluted medications often prescribed for cancer and AIDS patients, authorities said yesterday. The Bush administration's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older power plants -- especially coal -- more power can be produced more cheaply. The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86. His chief lawyer, Mahendradatta, said Bashir was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision. This comes at a time when Alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase. The new Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processors are numbered 3200+, 3000+ and 2800+. The main psychologist, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who said she wouldn't comment on personnel issues. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60. The survey also found that more executives feel that current economic conditions have improved, at 35 per cent compared to 15 per cent in the first quarter. It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva. And it's not in the regular season, but right now," Babcock said. "I would like the FCC to start all over again," said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, who expressed concern about "potentially dangerous" newspaper-broadcast combinations. Dave Tomlin, AP's assistant general counsel, said the parties are deciding whether to appeal the order. Weyerhaeuser, one of the world's largest producers of softwood, can produce about 7.6 billion board feet a year. But if their circulatory systems are not properly separated, it could kill them, doctors say. As we go down the licensing path, our goal is not to start suing companies," McBride said. A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business. Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001. The Jacksons remained in Camden County jail on $100,000 bail. "I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said. Hussein's other son, Uday, surrendered yesterday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a US agent. NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning. There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia, while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands of them deployed in and around Bunia. But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning. On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq. The new name will be Terrorism Information Awareness. David Brame shot his wife and then himself April 26 in a Gig Harbor parking lot as their two children sat in his car nearby. "But I just hope that this event, whatever it was, doesn't tarnish his career or take away all that Sammy Sosa's done. The service is deploying Cisco's BTS 10200 Softswitch cable modem termination system and MGXR 8850 voice gateway products. Last year, there were shortages of shots for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough, measles-mumps-rubella, pneumococcal disease, tetanus and chicken pox nationally. County Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial because the jury could not reach a verdict. Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group. Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible. Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it. Pacific Northwest has more than 800 employees, and Wells Fargo has 2,400 in Washington. However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them. On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums. As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc. This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause. Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City. Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 _ two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease. The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003. The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority. In Dallas, no official ceremony marked the anniversary. SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group. The family was last seen July 6 and their bodies were found Tuesday. The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves. Software developers use compilers to translate a programming language, such as C++, into the machine language understood by the processor. In Kingston, only about 15 percent of students who took the exam passed it. Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair was arrested Thursday and charged with drunken driving and possession of a handgun. That second dossier, passed to journalists on Mr Blair's trip to Washington to discuss war plans, said it drew upon "a number of sources, including intelligence material". The other, much less likely semifinal will match seventh-seeded Guillermo Coria of Argentina against the unseeded Dutchman Martin Verkerk. Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores. Sen. John Kerry, Massachusetts Democrat, came in second place for the quarter with $5.8 million. While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida. Police said yesterday they believe Mr. Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates, though neither the girl nor her family knew him. Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Mr Ota deserved to be criticised. There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases. Michael Jackson spoke out for the first time Sunday night since the latest accusations of child molestation. The FBI also failed to pursue other leads, including a San Diego imam who dealt with several 9/11 figures, it adds. "I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer. Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust. The Herald reported on Tuesday that internet developer Bruce Simpson was building a missile from parts ordered over the internet and shipped through Customs. Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Trichet as ECB president on Thursday evening or Friday. Vivendi pointed out that in both possible combinations, it would maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation "with excellent growth potential." Zilkha and other shareholders, including Coastal Corp. founder and vocal El Paso critic Oscar Wyatt Jr., had called for Wise's termination for months. In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal. The boy's mother, Patricia Cooper, started coming to the church about three months ago after she met one of its members at a doctor's office, Hemphill said. The treaty must be signed by the president and ratified by Congress to take effect. Macklowe has signed a sale contract, which is expected to close shortly, said his spokesman, Howard Rubenstein. Intelligence officials told key senators a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia, Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) said yesterday. The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said. Her amendment would have changed the bill by keeping with current Texas law, which gives school districts the option to hold a moment of silence and recite the pledge. Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken." By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released. Under the Government Network Security Act of 2003, federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement P2P security plans. Sales as measured by volume, a key gauge of financial health in the beverage sector, grew 5 percent in the quarter. Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards." Both will compete in today's third round, which is all oral examination. Lord Archer is likely to be released from Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on July 21. The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office. Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates. Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history. As the holiday shopping season peaks, industry experts predict the coming week could make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers. While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> fell 0.70 points, or 0.07 percent, to 1,069.42. The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May. "The FBI informed Easynews.com that an individual had used the Easynews.com UseNet server to upload the SoBig.F virus on Monday, August 18th. "It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," says one banker. Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril. Both were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of endangering the welfare of children. "The layoff is an excuse," countered Anaheim coach Mike Babcock. The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds. In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early. Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call. At 11:30 a.m., Edmund Hillary of New Zealand and Tenzing Norgay Sherpa of Nepal reached the summit. Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail. The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research. In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws. Mark Beaumont, a staff writer at music magazine NME, said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England. Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee. Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close. Investors reacted little, with GE shares edging 7 cents lower to end at $28.12 on the New York Stock Exchange. Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10. Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday. The ruling ``is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal to the Sixth Circuit,'' Taubman Centers said in a statement. Authorities did not immediately release the identities of the victims pending family notification. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08. The reductions are expected to save Texas consumers $510 million, and most policyholders will see reductions, said Robert Black, an Insurance Department spokesman. "The regime of Saddam Hussein possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people." At least 80 will make it to Thursday's final rounds of competition, which will be broadcast on ESPN. At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges. Antetonitrus was brontosaurus' older brother, hence the name. But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality. He is roughly halfway to his goal of raising between $150 million and $170 million in the primaries. "But turning the corner doesn't mean crossing the finish line," Gregory said at the bishops' annual meeting here. The latest in the kingdom's almost weekly raids on alleged terror cells comes after a US Congress report accused Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism. Under the measure, doctors who perform the procedure would be subject to two years in prison and unspecified fines. They leave Chicago on Saturday, then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial. The reporting services will also be rolled into Yukon as planned, sources said. Toronto Police Chief Julian Fantino said Friday morning that an arrest has been made in the slaying of local girl Holly Jones. The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions. Mr. Marshall pressed the practical case that quite similar rights legislation based on the 14th Amendment had been struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883. She cautioned that it will be difficult for investigators to tie any decline in shuttle funding directly to the February tragedy. The Toronto Stock Exchange said it will be business as usual on Friday morning. The tests measure how well students are meeting the state's standards for learning the content taught in each grade. At least 1,752 people were ordered to evacuate their homes in the north part of Marquette about 8:45 a.m. EDT, said Steve Powers, Marquette County administrator. It is essential that the proceedings against accused terrorists be fair -- and appear to be so to outside observers, Sonnett said. About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds. WSE version 2 is available from Microsoft's developer Web site. Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain. It is for that reason that legal scholars said Judge Nottingham's decision was at least plausible. In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 27.02, or 0.3 percent, 9,321.84, having lost 74.81 on Friday. Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio. But he said labor would see whether other senators can increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent. He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday . Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro hailed the appellate court ruling. In an appearance before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday, Mr. Blair suggested that only "evidence of weapons programs" rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered. The banks neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements. But 13 people have been killed since 1900 and hundreds injured. On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it." The April 19, 1995, bombing came on the second anniversary of the end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco, Texas. Investment bank Merrill Lynch raised its investment rating on the business software maker Oracle to "buy" from "neutral" with a 12-month price target of $15. The report confirmed the ACLU's view that the civil liberties and rights of immigrants "were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11," said Romero. The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002. United is working closely with the Air Transportation Stabilization Board to replace the aspects of its loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December. The moves came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board finished investigating. On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks. The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51. They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss. He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers. On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun. Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93. Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover. The appeals court judges were in sharp disagreement over what should be done when they ruled in February. Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989. Another is investor disenchantment with US investments, leading them to pull out of US assets - selling dollars as they do so and driving the dollar exchange rate down. Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report. The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share. "Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom. Eight firefighters also suffered minor injuries, including burns, heat exhaustion, bruises and muscle strain, and were treated and released from the hospital, fire officials said. Hundreds of soldiers took part in the early morning raid, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to airstrikes in Gaza. State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals. Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor. Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular Internet Explorer toolbar, adding bells and whistles for surfers. The last time the S&P had a larger one-day point loss was also May 19, when it gave back 23.53 to close at 920.77. I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis. A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix." Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index shot up 5.7 percent for the week. Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales. Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action. Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system. Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers. A company spokeswoman declined to say how much Qwest receives in annual revenue from government contracts. For the week ended June 15, a total of 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the United States, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes. Genentech Inc., the world's second-largest biotechnology company, and Xoma Ltd. said they will terminate Phase II testing of their Raptiva rheumatoid-arthritis drug after finding no benefit for patients. The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares. "We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said. He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex. Shares ended Wednesday at $6.83, up 2 cents. "As a professional," he added, "I think I'd like to be thought of as a good storyteller. Federal prosecutors, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the mortgage company's regulator launched investigations into Freddie Mac's shake-up. Forecasters predict the storm will reach Earth at 3 p.m. eastern time Friday and could last up to 18 hours. Yet another big fight has been over a White House proposal to privatize air-traffic control at major airports. The initial report was made to Modesto Police December 28. "If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco. Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony. Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry. Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status. Last year, Thompson ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state. Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light. An investment group led by former Seagram Inc. boss Edgar Bronfman Jr. is still in the running to buy the U.S. entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal SA. The two victims buried in the yard were not identified, though authorities said at least one has been there about a year. Board Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his "sincere apologies" for events at Foodservice and elsewhere in the embattled group. Defense lawyers had objected in pretrial hearings to the videotape and the photo, saying they were too unclear to identify Muhammad. "I have lots of bad dreams, I have flashbacks, I have lots of anger. The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2. The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful." Those unfair sales have damaged the US industry by eroding market prices below sustainable levels, says Alcoa. Nine other countries, including Australia, Chile, Colombia, El Salvador and Mexico, are supporting the case. Gateway's all-in-one PC, the Profile 4, also now features the new Intel technology. Mrs. Clinton said she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family. Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft. Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard. Tony winners will be announced June 8 at the Radio City Music Hall in New York. The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend. In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share. And his justification for the bombing was that while it caused short-term material damage, it was for the long-term moral good of Bali. It indicates, Robert said, “that terrorists really don’t care who they attack. The Supreme Court long ago held that students could not be compelled to join in the pledge. Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix." Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange. Iraq's nuclear program had been dismantled, and there "was no convincing evidence of its reconstitution." Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree. We have now proven that these foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-reducing drugs. Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job." New York Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in his statement that the lawsuit was "ill-conceived." His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation. The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said. She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea. The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen. Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history. She has been the consumer unit's chief operating officer since April 2002, and sits on Citigroup's management committee. Closed sessions are routinely held at the United Nations tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but usually to protect witnesses's safety. Although it's unclear whether Sobig was to blame, The New York Times also asked employees at its headquarters yesterday to shut down their computers because of "system difficulties." The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Stephen Sundlof of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. His band in the early 1930's included the pianist Teddy Wilson, the saxophonist Chu Berry, the trombonist J. C. Higginbotham and the drummer Sid Catlett. We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCOLinux until these issues are resolved," Sontag said. Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association. Slightly more than half of the profit shortfall results from a sales slump, with weakness spread across the company's various geographic and end markets. Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the NPT treaty which would allow U.N. inspections at short notice. They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow. In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said. He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board. Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York. The wounded doctor, whose name was withheld, underwent surgery at the hospital for three gunshot wounds. Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman. A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption. According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30. Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal. After Saddam's regime crumbled in early April, legal hurdles had to be cleared before sales could resume. The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent. Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted work for several hours while waiting for the anthropologist to arrive from Indianapolis. Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year. The company will be able to start recording profits from HPS immediately, Perot Systems spokeswoman Mindy Brown said. White House officials also deleted a reference to a 1999 study showing that global temperatures had risen sharply in the previous decade compared with the last 1,000 years. The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy. That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said. Federal officials earlier said there is no evidence of terrorism. They said some of the documents were administrative paper work and some about a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s. Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo. It will also delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick, 62, who agreed to stay on until the deal was completed and Buhrmann bedded down in PaperlinX. OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million. Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces. Several current and former ferry officers have said the rules were routinely ignored and seldom enforced. "But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," he said. The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright. Heavy weekend rain and runoff from heavy snowmelt sent a mountain creek on a rampage, washing out a culvert and opening the sinkhole in I-70 east of Vail. Spinal Concepts, launched in 1996, makes orthopedic medical devices used during spinal fusion surgical procedures. The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert. State Republican Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away from referring to Wise's problems in the 2004 gubernatorial campaign. The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it. Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said. NBC also announced it has struck a deal to keep ER on the air for three more seasons. Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan. In court, she briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and quietly made notes in a spiral-bound notebook. "These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know," the statement read. Jackson's visit came after a relatively peaceful night in Benton Harbor, which sits in southwestern Michigan about 100 miles northeast of Chicago. The attacks came as Mr Sharon faced down the hardline central committee of his Likud party in Jerusalem. The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer. The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal. The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses. The World Health Organization -- which is participating in the initiative along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University -- has declared TB a global emergency. Some media reported that Jordanian embassy staff were killed in the attack. U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions. "The case has been ready to go for some time," said FBI Special Agent Craig Dahle in Birmingham. "One can say that the euro at the moment is about at the level which better reflects the fundamentals," he said. Thats why the Americans with all their technology cant find him. U.S. District Judge William Steele set a hearing tomorrow on the lawsuit. Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday. "We are electing a president of the United States, not a staff," Kerry said. Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200. The number of Americans living in poverty increased by 1.7 million last year, and the median household income declined by 1.1 percent, the Census Bureau reported yesterday. The picture changes slightly should New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton end up as the Democratic presidential candidate. Her lawyers filed a lawsuit against the Dallas County district attorney, Henry Wade, challenging Texas's abortion laws. Police said the suspected Marriott suicide bomber was Asmar Latin Sani, 28, from the island of Sumatra. Both were a few metres apart, Mr Laczynski pressing against the metal fence dividing court officials from the crowd. The European Union was due Monday to demand Iran accept "urgently and unconditionally" tougher nuclear inspections and to link compliance with a pending trade deal. Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years, some experts are saying, could be undermining efforts to promote safe sex. Viles' body was discovered four hours later after he failed to respond to a call to return to his housing unit. Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender. About 1,500 firefighters here and north of the neighboring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters, air tankers and bulldozers. Once seated, the anonymous jurors will be driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities. She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith. Pappas, the teacher, said he wouldn't hesitate having Graham as a substitute. He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme. He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel. Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal. With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify. Iffel was hit with 22 weapons charges and faces up to 87 years in prison if convicted. Elan would receive an additional $25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity and would also get a five percent share of sales from 2005. Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines. Four men were arrested and have been charged with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault, armed robbery and burglary. Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority. McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk. Iressa is similar to medicines being developed by ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc., designed to precisely target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones. Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange. Jirsa will be introduced as the 25th Marshall basketball coach today at a press conference in the Henderson Center’s Big Green Room. Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package. Police chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group, which had custody of Al-Ghozi, offered his resignation, and Ebdane accepted it. Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames, which have destroyed more than 8000 hectares of pinewood since the blazes began on Monday afternoon. As more than 100 people sentenced to death have been exonerated across the nation, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty. Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party. Al-Numan was a longtime member of the regional command of the Baath party. Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges. LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion – Australian rules football – as the world champion relaxed ahead of his Wimbledon defence. Additional applications and software can be downloaded via the phone or from a PC via a USB connection. Shares of Schering-Plough closed down 4 cents at $16.76 in Thursday trade on the New York Stock Exchange. "The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman. Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50. "I don't see the urgency in this so I'm not going to grant it," West said. The tour plans to make stops in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1-2, and in New York City on Oct. 3-4. "City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg. Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket. When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people. The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons. Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89. The girls and three of the cadets were cited for underage drinking. Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc. Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer. Another component of the bill would require the FCC to hold at least five public hearings on future ownership rule changes before voting. Sources say this decision was a direct result of the decision to release Boudin. The Nikkei average ended the morning up half a percent at 8,071.00. The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02. The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight. The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so. He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, police said. In a joint statement, the companies said that as a result of the license agreement, TI will not be changing its prices. Continuing the record-setting pace of recent years, personal bankruptcies rose 7.8 percent in the 12 months ending Sept. 30, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts said Friday. Barnes is one of three politicians honored Monday by the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum with the Profile in Courage Award. The study focused on the 35,561 people who had never smoked, but who lived with a spouse who did. Symantec Monday said it will acquire SSL VPN appliance provider Safeweb for $26 million in cash. But the plan was dropped because some of the terrorists were uncomfortable that schoolchildren would be their victims. A senior Whitehall official said: "It devalued the currency, there is no question about that. "The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead." Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 26/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.27 percent from 3.17 percent. The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron. House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin, R-La., said his committee will hold a hearing on the power outage in September. Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards. "Electrons come down from the polysilicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode," the company said. SCO is suing IBM for misappropriation of trade secrets, tortious interference, unfair competition and breach of contract. "I think it will pass," Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D., said in Washington. The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD. Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London and will be extended over the next month to police around the country. The Passion will feature actor James Caviezel as Christ and actress Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene. U.S. officials say the six were, like other prisoners at the U.S. Naval base in Cuba, suspected of involvement with al-Qaida, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group. Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting. "Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end." The results were announced at a NASA headquarters news conference Thursday and in today's issue of the journal Science. Girolami ordered the records conditionally sealed May 15 at the request of prosecution and defense attorneys. The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium. "I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders," Ms. McCorvey said at a downtown Dallas news conference. Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family. Elsewhere in the north, the American administrator for Iraq, L. Paul Bremer III, paid a brief, low-profile visit to the cities of Erbil and Suleimaniya. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points, or 0.60 percent, at 1,912.65. Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery. He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck. Still, Jessica Biel (of "7th Heaven" fame) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface's last elusive victim. Police and officials said about 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to struggle to shore. In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics. The Senate version has no coverage for annual costs between $4,450 and $5,800. "PeopleSoft management entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders," said Deborah Lilienthal, an Oracle spokeswoman. Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy. Michaela Cuomo, youngest daughter of Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy, is 8 months old. "That said, however, no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used." The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation. The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday. "The Leading Economic Index finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession," Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said. Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday. In winter, it is transformed into a treacherous embankment, a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything. The intelligence service, headed by Mr. Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures, drug trafficking and disappearances. Fed policy-makers last week signaled they are prepared to cut that rate to ward off even the threat of deflation. "Employers accused of workplace discrimination now are considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent. The formula is produced for Remedia by German company Humana Milchunion. Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by 25 percent or more, US researchers reported yesterday. Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal. The man was trapped about 250 feet from the shore, right at the edge of the falls. Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman. News Corp. posted net profit of $275 million, or 21 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the fiscal third quarter ended March 31. She continued: "Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO/PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCO/PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women. Yee is a Chinese-American who converted to Islam after graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Meanwhile, students and others at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma, about 40 miles to the south, acted out a second, simultaneous attack on campus. The suspect has been charged with juvenile delinquency, based on intentionally causing damage to computers. Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound. Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof. Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy. Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products. MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found. Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of next month, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January. Gordon is the senior Democrat on the House Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics. The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months. "We don't think that there is a trade secret here." Network Solutions returned the domain name back to Optima in 2001. Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added. Sheriff's Department spokesman Chris Saunders said the man told them he was frustrated by the Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle. The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report. Reed said board members can't defend themselves by saying they didn't realize the size of Grasso's package. On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube. Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe. If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, agreed. Pepper spray and four arrests marked a Monday evening march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit. Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said. A powerful typhoon hit southern areas of South Korea, killing at least 42 people and forcing thousands to flee, authorities said yesterday. The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards. Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, Long Day's Journey Into Night. The German envoy, Gunter Pleuger, told reporters today, "The important issues are how the political process is being organized." The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share. Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am. Los Angeles- The deep-sea adventure "Finding Nemo" hooked the top spot at the box office yesterday with an estimated $70.6-million opening weekend. Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share. Larger publishers such as Viacom Inc.'s VIAb.N Simon & Schuster and Bertelsmann AG's BERT.UL Random House decided against pursuing the books group, the sources said. "We think this planet formed with its star, 12.713 billion years ago when the (Milky Way) galaxy was very young, just in the process of forming." The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago. I think we made the right case and did the right thing." Born in 1953 in Baghdad, her father was Salih Magdi Ammash, a former Vice-President, Defence Minister and member of the Baath party leadership. It was better under Saddam," said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib, a job-seeking army deserter, when asked what message he would like to convey to Powell. Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m. But he also told the House Judiciary Committee the law "has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses." The Group of Seven nations, meanwhile, also saw some improvement, with the leading indicator rising to 119.1, from April's 118.2. "We believe that recent trading prices of MGM's common stock do not reflect MGM's full value and that the stock represents an attractive investment," Kerkorian said in a statement. Sen. Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation, said committee spokesman Andrew Gray. China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue." New building hasn't put any drag on the skyrocketing median home price, up 14.8 percent to $364,000 in April from a year ago. Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15. News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. to publishing house HarperCollins Publishers Ltd., owns 35 per cent of BSkyB. KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals. "It seems to me you're trying to protect privacy of theft," she said to Barr. West Nile Virus -- which is spread through infected mosquitoes -- is potentially fatal. As of Friday, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 1,602 human cases of West Nile so far this year, including 28 deaths. The company said that based on first-quarter results it expects to earn 90 cents per share for the quarter. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62. After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech. The statement said Mr Turner transferred 10 million shares of the stock to a charitable trust, which then sold them. Yesterday, Mr. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, read a statement over the phone: "Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage. Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks. "Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon. New Jersey was one of eleven states that asked a federal appeals court Thursday to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. People with two copies of the mutated gene have double this risk, the researchers said. Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion. "I'm amazed at the number of people who think there is a silver bullet for security," Capellas said. State air regulators and two automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday. "We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying. "This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth," said O'Neill, who is based in California. Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to. Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday. Staff Sgt. Georg-Andreas Pogany, however, is waiting for that decision in writing. Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement. But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery. About 70,000 union members are on strike, including about 18,000 Ralphs employees. Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense. The program spreads further only when a computer user selects the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses stored in the user's computer. Most of their features were similar to those of early humans whose fossils have been found at sites in Africa, the Middle East, and later in Europe. The privately held Google is believed to be profitable. Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat. Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday. Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return. This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast. Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela. Just as before, it will be up to the Council to decide the direction and process. The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices. Woodley, 44, died of liver and kidney failure Sunday at a hospital in his native Shreveport, La., said his niece, Lucy Woodley. Ms Grinspun's concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms. Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp. Each hull produced by the yards will cost about $1.4 billion, and the completed submarines will cost about $2.2 billion each, Young said. The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001. But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two. The club's board of directors, chaired by president Florentino Perez, decided against renewing the 52-year-old's contract. Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham. Some states make them available immediately; others keep them sealed for as much as 30 years. President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul Bremer, a security and counter-terrorism expert, as the top U.S. official overseeing the reconstruction of Iraq. Xcel shares were up 20 cents, to close at $14.10 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange. Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing. Added Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif.: "Some of us find that the collateral damage is greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war." "Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday. Though a federal judge in New Jersey agreed, a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit disagreed. In Sweden, 99 percent of women are literate, compared with only 8 percent of women in Niger. U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved. The federal government has traditionally reimbursed urban hospitals at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns. The original agreement, signed in August 2001 and now extended through 2006, has enabled both companies to successfully deliver high-availability and high-performance end-to-end data center solutions. The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said. "To have people say that we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong," Raymond Jackson said through the pastor. A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa'ida for money. It also predicted that a 7.0 per cent rise to $204.9bn in 2006, topping the industry's yearly sales record set in 2000. "We cannot, and will not, allow anything of the kind." Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion). The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department. He suddenly found himself confronted with dozens of panicked guests and face to face with one of the men involved in the attack. Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales. If found guilty, Samudra could be sentenced to death under anti-terror laws passed soon after the bombings. Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison. He's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him one bit." When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines. "I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said. Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq. Three new dramas, including one starring The West Wing refugee Rob Lowe, will also be on the schedule, NBC announced yesterday. A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort. The Transportation Department survey of 60,000 people, conducted in 2001 and 2002, found 91 percent of people who commute use their own cars or trucks. Lara was unbeaten on 93 when the torrential rain stopped play with Marlon Samuels on five. Mr. Bremer said that Iran, including its intelligence service, continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction. And of those, 55 percent, or 149, claimed to treat, prevent, diagnose or cure specific diseases -- despite the regulations prohibiting that kind of statement. James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident. This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism." At 2:25 p.m., the King County medical examiner confirmed the remains were human, Larson said. Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday. Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body that promotes blood-vessel growth. She recently got the endorsement of the National Organization for Women and the National Women's Political Caucus. I think he has to disembrace Putin and put him on notice that he is taking the country in the wrong direction," Soros said. Sen. John Rockefeller, D-W.Va., said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare. The GameCube, which badly underperformed expectations in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Corp.'s MSFT.O Xbox. Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs. State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed. The Bush administration should make public the fact about Saudi Arabia's complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom, lawmakers said Sunday. The agent reported his contacts to Texas Department of Public Safety and told officers another legislator, Rep. Gabi Canales, D-Alice, they sought also was in Ardmore. "These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued. Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaking at his monthly news conference, repeated his warning that Britons were under threat and urged vigilance. OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices. The governor said budget cuts in mental health care would cut services to 5,800 developmentally disabled Missourians. It has been well documented over 12 years of lies and deception from Saddam." Microsoft Monday released the second in a planned series of Solution Accelerators for its Office product lineup. Indeed, analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech yesterday to a "sell" before the company released its colon cancer news. All four are expected to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, he said. An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday. Christensen most recently served as VP of Microsoft's mobile devices division. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 22.25 points, or 2.23 percent, to 1,018.22, based on the latest available figures. The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site. In Uganda, Anglican spokesman Jackson Turyagyenda said the church was "very disappointed". Family and friends of the west Belfast man insist he was in the West Bank on a "cultural visit". "All of a sudden, it's like a bullet went through them - it's like a state of shock. President Bush on Monday accused Europe of aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food. The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.07 points, or 0.11 percent, at 1,010.59. Virginia Gov. Mark R. Warner has been urging other state officials to do whatever they could to protect Virginia Tech's interests. Intel Corp., the world's biggest semiconductor maker, narrowed its second-quarter sales forecast as demand for microprocessors is reaching the high end of the company's expectations. Japan's business lobby quoted Snow as saying he wanted China to be flexible on its trade and foreign exchange policies. The subject was scarcely mentioned in his 2000 campaign, or in his administration's national security strategy. It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world. A hundred House members are needed for a quorum. The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for beef slaughtered along with the infected cow Dec. 9 at a meat company in Moses Lake, Wash. "The commission's staff believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation," the SEC said. Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests in areas where thinning projects had meant to reduce the fire threat, but were tied up in appeals, Bush said. The SEC said each bank helped Enron mislead investors by characterizing "what were essentially loan proceeds" as cash from operating activities. When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus, the officers dragged his paralyzed body across the ground, Perez said. MTA spokeswoman Marisa Baldeo Sunday night declined to discuss the matter because of the pending litigation. "Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results," Buell said. Above the clasped hands is a tomahawk crossed by a peace pipe, signifying peace. Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list. This study's researchers, from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota, had earlier found the same pattern in 3- and 4-year-olds. Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed. He presented the map at last week's Sixth International Conference on Mars in Pasadena, Calif. "This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally." Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address. The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said. Enter Miami Police Chief John Timoney, an avowed enemy of activist "punks" who repeatedly classified FTAA opponents as "outsiders coming in to terrorize and vandalize our city." The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts. The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server. Malvo, 18, will go on trial Nov. 10 for the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church, Va. No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion. Mr. Misfeldt agreed to surrender $346,807 in trading profits and $111,595 in interest. That began on May 21, after Penn Traffic announced it was considering bankruptcy. At the company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas, Microsoft executives will announce that two key products will enter customer testing this U.S. summer. As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States. Tornadoes tore through Kansas, Missouri and other states in the Midwest, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported. The magazine glorifies the soldiers but not necessarily the Bush administration, which put them in Iraq. The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005. Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving. State Democratic Chairman Herman Farrell, who is also chairman of the state Assembly's Ways and Means Committee, seemed perfectly happy to make it a political fight. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79. Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year. Michael W. Stout, 56, was named executive vice president and chief information officer. JetBlue shares slipped nearly 5 percent Tuesday morning on the Nasdaq Stock Market in New York after the deal was announced. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade yesterday warned Australians to defer all nonessential travel to Indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks. "In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now." The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June. Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing. They ordered state troopers to close the roads leading to her home after her motorcade passed, to prevent camera crews from pursuing her. In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family. "There is nothing that Rob Furst did that was not vetted and approved by senior individuals at Merrill." But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act. Officials involved in the Howard project rejected the idea that it could harm black people. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> added 12.64 points, or 1.28 percent, to 997.48. I felt like it was a special day, but I didn't want to get ahead of myself," Stanford said. Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed. World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test. Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq. Fire Chief John Jacoby arrived, joining Moriarty at the top of the embankment. The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent. This year there have been 4,416 confirmed cases of West Nile virus nationwide with 20 in Missouri, according to the Centers for Disease Control. Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal the ruling in state court and perhaps in U.S. District Court. "There are a number of locations in our community, which are essentially vulnerable," Mr Ruddock said. At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected. The high court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users. Merck plans to spin off all the shares of Medco to company shareholders in the third quarter. The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago. Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary. Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close. CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience. On Monday, Putnam said chief executive Lawrence J. Lasser had resigned. Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts. Lacy's last column appeared in Friday's edition of The Afro. The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application. According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub. Parsons holds engineering degrees from the University of Mississippi and the University of Central Florida. The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites). Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia. "But unfortunately we find that attacks on Iraqis have increased." The Bush administration said Monday it will propose a rule change allowing governors to seek exemptions from a policy blocking road-building in remote areas of national forests. This Wednesday, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot day, June 25, 1876. After 10 years of debate, the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62. The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard. Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last night at the Finch Ave.-Hwy. 404 area home. "The day may come when courts properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases," Wolf wrote. Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share. Montreal-based Bombardier's Class B shares rose 6 Canadian cents to C$3.80 in Toronto on Friday. Snow made his comments to Reuters on Friday but they were embargoed until Tuesday. At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings in Gaithersburg, Md., on Tuesday and Wednesday, with experts and activists lining up on each side. The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle. He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan." It closed Tuesday at its highest level since last June. "The hard-core fans came out for Reloaded and then moved on," says John Shaw of the box office tracking firm Movieline International. Playwright George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? Basically, the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill's research caused the claimed losses. They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media. In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming. Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action. With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15. So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said. Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls. Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the team at New Mexico for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002." "The EU regulatory system for GM authorisation is in line with WTO rules: it is clear, transparent and non-discriminatory. Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday. Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks. A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director. Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness. In recent years, Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble: He faced charges of fare-beating and credit card theft. Five-year notes US5YT=RR added 2/32 to give a yield of 3.10 percent from 3.12 percent. At least 154 people, most of them opposition activists or officials, were arrested across the country Monday, police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement. Lesser rewards of $15 million each were offered for the same information about his sons, Uday and Qusay. "The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient," said Ari Fleischer, the White House press secretary. "They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday. "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister. United hasn't set a starting date for the unit, known within the Chicago-based company as Starfish. Vial estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the pass through the Siskiyou Mountains was closed Sunday night. They said they only wanted to entertain people and win the best float prize and were fired for exercising their free-speech rights. "This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming," Nintendo R&D general manager Satoru Okada said in a statement. "It is wasting both water and money," Ortega said Tuesday. The United States says 1,882 Americans remain listed as missing in action and unaccounted for from the Vietnam War. Intel spokesman Dan Francisco said the chip maker is looking into the issue, but declined to elaborate. Feith said people have misconstrued the purpose of the small intelligence review team he assembled in October 2001. Also in the majority were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day O'Connor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer. Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment. Treasury prices slouched lower on Friday as conflicting messages on the prospects of an aggressive cut in U.S. interest rates left some investors nursing losses and a grudge. "What can I say to you?" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families. But the Quartet is divided three-to-one, the United States against the rest, on the question of whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people. Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen told her she volunteered at Ground Zero after the attack. The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28. VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15. When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo. I'm never going to forget this day. Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine. The Labor Day race for Fontana has gained momentum since the series visited the Speedway for the Auto Club California 500 last April. To date, 152 communities and the legislatures of Alaska, Hawaii and Vermont have approved resolutions condemning the act. The warning was the most serious the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year. London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable." That comment undercut his remarks in an interview on Tuesday that the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts. The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress. In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness. On Friday, the U.S. Department of Labour reported that the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April, while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent. At a press conference Thursday, the group claimed it had obtained 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall, although the petitions have no legal effect. The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent. The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January. In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share. A fifth member of the "Lackawanna Six," young Yemeni-American men accused of training at an al-Qaida terrorist camp, pleaded guilty Monday to supporting terrorism. Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher. "We are aware of the situation," said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle. The U.S. administration cranked up concerns of impending natural gas shortages yesterday, a supply crunch that officials said "will touch virtually every American." "The threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya, including Nairobi," it said. While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell. She was 26 then, and a friend tipped her to another position and told her whom to call. If successful, the "Muses-C" will be the first probe to make a two-way trip to an asteroid. The first of those discussions is expected to get under way in the next three to five months. The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts. A bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in Connecticut was narrowly defeated in the House of Representatives on Wednesday. Terri Schiavo, 39, suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack 13 years ago. I never punished a victim,'' said Brigadier General Taco Gilbert, the school's former number two officer. "If they want to replace 11i with PeopleSoft, now that would make sense." Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway. Simon Property's shares rose 42 cents to $39.45 at the close of New York Stock Exchange trading Tuesday. Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2 1/2 servings. The elder Yakou, an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident, appeared before a federal magistrate Wednesday on charges of violating U.S. arms control laws. That fire devastated the reservation, a nearby national forest and several communities, burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes. Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull. Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10. But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors. The company added, "until more facts are presented, Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side." U.S. Wireless restated its financial results when fraud was uncovered, increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss to $17 million from $11 million. "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply," said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase. The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2. But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there. Dotson was arrested July 21 after calling 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said. After his retirement, Foley served as assistant secretary of energy for defense programs under President Ronald Reagan. Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said. According to Tuesday's report, consumers' assessment of current conditions was less favourable than a month earlier. Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here. "It seems clear the climate is changing," he said, asked to explain the flooding that keeps ravaging the southeast. Hilsenrath was also indicted on 33 counts of wire fraud, which each carry a maximum penalty of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine and restitution. Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion. In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company. Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation. AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent. Begg and Abbasi feature on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal. The dead cavalrymen are honored with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones. They boy's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., 33, said yesterday he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible. The two companies said PowderJect's strong U.S. position would complement Chiron's European presence. Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state. It represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture." The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes. Started on Christmas Day in 1931, the Met's matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world. Guidant said it will continue to ship the product and provide support to doctors and patients through October 2003. The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said. Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder. But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment". U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm. Aides to the general said Mr. Segal's arrival could have been the source of friction with Mr. Fowler. Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton's promising future is in doubt after the Devil Rays announced Monday night that he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems. Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President. The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997. Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says. The 2 1/2-ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 1:49 p.m. MDT, disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000 mph free-fall. And Sen. Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, chairman of the subcommittee that first will take up the nomination, is a longtime friend of Kempthorne's. If Mrs Clinton does decide to contest the 2008 election, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate. "What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do." Intel's current Pentium 4 chips have 512K bytes of cache. Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot. The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King. Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold. Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette said it "has been clearly shown that such a change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial." Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff. Looking ahead the company confirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004. The idiot-buddy prequel Dumb And Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd debuted at No. 6, with $11.1 million. That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share. Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved." There was some counterpunching out there, Manager Lloyd McClendon said. Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the vital rice crop as harvesting had just finished. Since it expanded its shipments to the United States, Hulett has captured a significant share of the U.S. market. China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected. "The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians. This is a good day for Americas farmers, said Sen. Charles Grassley, an Iowa Republican, in reaction to the administration announcement. But the cancer society said its study had been misused. Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages. "He's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber, we should shoot first and ask questions later," one senior officer said. Tight media controls and the remote location of the northern village where the fighting broke out made it impossible to confirm what happened. Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m. Sales of $21.6 billion, up 10 percent from $19.7 billion a year ago, were ahead of Wall Street's estimate of $21.4 billion. Dr. Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers. The PracticeWorks acquisition is expected to add about $215 million to Kodak's revenue in the first full year, be slightly dilutive through 2005, and accretive thereafter. The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted. International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people. Unless their parents submit written objections, students, regardless of citizenship status, would be required to participate in the pledges and the minute of silence. Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites). White House spokesman Scott McClellan called the Padilla ruling "troubling and flawed. Team President Ken Sawyer said yesterday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team. His trial was moved to Virginia Beach. "Until this site was reported, the earliest site in the Bering land bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago." The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday. Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday. An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Said's key political allies were Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders outside the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority. Speaking about the day before he was found dead, she said: "I was physically sick several times at this stage because he looked so desperate. The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion. The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12. The exotic animal trade is enormous, and it continues to spiral out of control. Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative that voters passed in 2000, limits fund raising and spending by gubernatorial candidates. The 90-minute exchange in Boston took place at a debate focusing on the issues of interest to young people. He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade. Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic. The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand. The combined companies' commercial and personal lines will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and will be based in Hartford, Conn., Travelers' current headquarters. The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dipped 6.62 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,917.67. The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space. "We are very pleased with the judge's decision," Merrill said yesterday. "Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas. The number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent, the FBI said. If he is successful in reaching a cease-fire, known as a "hudna," Abbas will hold more talks with Sharon, their third one-on-one meeting in a month. Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center. Altria shares fell $1.23, or 2.8 percent, to $42.44 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser. It warned that London, among a number of other cities, was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack. The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco. On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches. He cut his rating for XL shares from "buy" to "neutral" and said the shares would not "rebound quickly". The company's shares surged $4.70, or 13.7 percent, to $39.10 on the Nasdaq Stock Market yesterday. The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week. "This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace. The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057. Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq. The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop. Her first heart tumor was removed in 1997 in the upper part of her heart, but it returned in 1999, 2001, and again this year. On May 22, 2002, the first of Levy's weathered bones were found in Washington's Rock Creek Park. Both strain 121 and Pyrolobus belong to a branch on the tree of life known as the archaea. These days, even death penalty proponents in the Legislature say they are solidly outnumbered by opponents. At issue is the scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering, but not theology. The biggest cut ordered was for Hanover Lloyds Insurance Co. -- 31 percent. "We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the company. The company had revenue of $2.56 billion in the first quarter of 2002. He told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit. Prosecutors called Durst a cold-blooded killer who shot Black to steal his identity. The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks. The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak. "And the swagger of a president who says 'Bring 'em on' does not bring our troops peace or safety." One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania. Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce further cuts to the company's value. The Intel 865G chipset is priced at $44 with integrated software RAID, $41 without RAID. The move came after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon announced the government would impose cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors. Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages. Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won a landslide election in 1990 but has never been allowed to govern. The group is also offering end user telephone support for $39.95 per incident. It is the first major industrial plant project that Leighton has managed. The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese. "But for a meaningful dialogue to begin, cross-border terrorism should end and its infrastructure should be dismantled." It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users. The 5 a.m. blast occurred in the city's Al Bayaa district. In a special section on diabetes, the report notes that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002, compared to 5.1 percent in 1997. Zahid and Paveen Sharif were arrested in Derbyshire and Tabassum, Mr Sharif's wife, in Nottinghamshire, last Friday. AT&T has 30 days to respond to the charges before the F.C.C. issues a final order. Associated Press Writer Marc Humbert in Albany contributed to this report. He said he thought he had hit a dog or a cat, or someone had thrown a rock at his car, the police said. The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks. The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial. Lovett's father, Ron Lovett, issued a statement apologising for his son's behaviour. "But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition." Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate. Bridges is a retired Air Force major general and a former shuttle pilot. Reach her at (248) 647-7221 or email lberman@detnews.com. The study adds to the evidence that diet might affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that affects 4 million Americans. The CGT warned of prolonged industrial action unless Raffarin agreed. "But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Jordan said. Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners. "Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said. In comparison, 86 percent of Israeli Jews say they have a favorable opinion of the United States. But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie. Sales -- a figure watched closely as a barometer of health -- rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts predicted. A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night. A separate case seeking to renegotiate contracts was filed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities. Merseyside police found the truck, without the books, the next morning about 20 miles from the warehouse. The work appears in the Oct. 22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association. The significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was China's first space mission on October 15. ABC broadcast a special "World News Tonight" report out of Washington anchored by Ted Koppel. Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales. The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation. It also said it would reconsider its support for the 2003 show, which took place last month. The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans. If no candidate wins more than 50 percent of the vote, the top two vote-getters are headed to a runoff on June 3. The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force. The bomb exploded in Helmand Province aboard a bus headed for the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to wire reports. The UMass president, who testified before a congressional committee last week, has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995. Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth. Air Commodore Pietsch said a 9-11 style aircraft suicide attack was the key concern. "I don't even worry about it anymore," he said. The report was sponsored by the Computer & Communications Industry Association (CCIA). Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home. "While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America," Edwards said in a speech. "First, the target was not clear . . . we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam," he said. Sharpton nearly jumped out of his chair, saying, "That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Jesse Jackson. The SharePoint Portal Server application, which facilitates teamwork, retails for $5,619. Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research. The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission have the final say. "I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday. Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half. Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia says when he was growing up, he wasn't allowed to speak Spanish at school. Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said. Microsoft on Thursday agreed to pay AOL Time Warner $750 million to settle AOL Time Warner's private monopoly lawsuit against Microsoft. The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January. The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government. Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin. Uruguayan armoured personnel carriers trained mounted machine guns down Bunia's empty main street, but they were under orders not to open fire. National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic. In version 4.1, a new web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning interface speeds up the flow of information between workstations and the server. The highest-paid Washington private-college president is Susan Resneck Pierce, who heads the University of Puget Sound. At midnight, Erika was about 90 miles east of Brownsville and moving toward the west at about 20 mph, with sustained winds near 70 mph. Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent. Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date. The government began on September 1 to add the word "Taiwan" in English to the cover of new passport, a decision slammed by Beijing. A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build. Pollack said yesterday the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses. The Regents math exam is required for graduation, but Mills reversed course after an estimated 63 percent of students statewide failed the exam. Ms O'Hare, who has taken time out from studying history at New York University, will be in Australia throughout October in which is national breast cancer awareness week. The US National Hurricane Center said the hurricane was heading toward the Texas coast and could strengthen before it hits land later in the day. This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday. The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales. "The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers." As part of the changes BAT said managing director, Paul Adams, 50, would become chief executive from January 1. He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah. Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer. Only one test, the effect on financial services, was deemed to be passed. Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus. The prosecutor said the company knowingly underestimated to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) the number of safety complaints involving the device. "We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible," Kennedy said. Officials said it will take lengthy testing to determine if all anthrax spores have been killed. Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee. EDS said that it was "responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC". It is not clear whether the apology was written on the orders of Mr Blair or at Mr Campbell's initiative. The soldiers, from the 3rd Armored Cavalry, were hurt when their Humvee vehicle struck a mine in Hit. Several protesters were injured by a speeding police van that drove through the crowd. Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd. Trailing Arsenal by eight points two months ago, United rallied from its worst start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak stretching back to Dec. 26. Deputies said the incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies received a phone call from a person requesting assistance regarding a domestic disturbance at 54346 Avenida Velasco. The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, fell 2.52 to 410.23. In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor. "We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed. Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade. He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered. "We believe this is the right decision for the company (Jinro), for its employees and for its creditors," it said. Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market. Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta. Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate. In one scene the film showed Mr Reagan's character saying of Aids patients: "They that live in sin shall die in sin." "We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said. The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid. But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away. Laotian officials yesterday called on France, the former colonial power, to help the country find an alternative investor to EdF. Loan losses, investment writedowns and legal costs led to the largest-ever loss for a European bank last year. The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock. State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces. The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases that have a particularly high incidence among African-Americans, such as hypertension and diabetes. However, to verify Iran's claims about its controversial uranium-enrichment program, the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said in a statement that he "was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage." This is what Limbaugh actually said about McNabb: "I don't think he's been that good from the get-go. "To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better." One villager, Ali Mekki, said: "This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time." Thursday, U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper will consider the second motion. If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs. The supercomputer is actually an eServer and storage system with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second. Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the rice crop as harvesting had just finished. "It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis. "The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," they said. America has accused Syria of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters infiltrating through its eastern border into Iraq to attack U.S.-led coalition forces. Elwin Hermanson and the SaskParty would put the future of our Crown corporations — and our economy — at risk,” the platform reads. They also showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared with those children with milder forms of the disorder. Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said. U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq. Djerejian said that in the last month Syria has taken steps in response to the pressure, such as relocating the militant group offices out of Damascus. That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday. The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March. Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected. Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods." It will theoretically be able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony. These are real crimes that hurt a lot of people. Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered. Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV. While rising consumer confidence is welcomed, it is not a component of gross domestic product, whereas new home sales are. Historians believe it was carrying 9 tons of gold coins aimed at buying the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy, a potential ally in southeastern France. Both markets rallied this past week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meetings on June 24-25. Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool. His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated. "We are keeping an open mind," said Sergeant Magee. The conference, sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is focused on eliminating world hunger through genetically modified foods and other technologies. Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow. Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes. Bryant's hearing date falls two days after the Lakers open the preseason with two games in Hawaii. "Greater Manchester Police, with the support of German authorities and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have now arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt, Germany," a police spokeswoman said. US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower. The final report on the investigation could take as long as a year, Engleman said at a news briefing. Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation. The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday. Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14. The study indicated that men who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop prostate cancer. The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service. Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members. "Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said. It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November. The traditional Mediterranean diet puts the emphasis on vegetables, legumes, fruits, nuts, cereals and olive oil. She and her husband left behind two sons: Robert, who was six, and Michael, who was 10. Ultimately, she will earn more than the $900,000 that Kenny Perry got for winning the PGA Tour event. The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment. That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003. Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal. Harkleroad was one of five American women who advanced to the third round. The unemployment rate inched up one-tenth of a percentage point from April's 6 percent to its highest since July 1994. "She loved them so much," added Blossom Medley, who also looked after Johnson's foster kids. Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said. Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items. "Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives," he said. From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million. Veritas will also expand its storage resource management (SRM) suite with the Precise StorageCentral software, focused on file and quota management in Windows environments. PeopleSoft's board of directors has said it will meet soon to consider the Oracle offer. The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system. A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago. Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Archbishop Thomas Kelly's resignation for his handling of the crisis. U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours. BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission. The first time in 1999 was when Bashir replaced JI's former leader, Abdullah Sungkar, who had died. Three other fires in or near the park were contained on Wednesday. "The integration is exceeding almost every expectation we set for ourselves," Mr Roberts said on Thursday. The Vatican devised a mini-lift to allow the pope to get on and off helicopters. Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder. Michael Suen, the secretary for housing, planning and lands, said after the ruling that Hong Kong's cabinet would meet "very soon" to decide whether to resume construction. Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility. Lieberman and other psychiatrists noted that other studies of SSRIs in children also have failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos. The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually. In Montana, tension was high Friday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an ``ugly'' forecast: more dry lightning and wind storms. British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October. Still, analysts said they were disappointed by the company's 68 million pretax charge for weather-related and test failure costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program. In addition, UDDI will have to significantly be improved to handle those aspects of SOAs. In fresh bloodshed last night, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian witnesses and medics said. Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City. Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent. Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground, and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof. They described the intruder as being in his 30s to early 40s, from 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5-inches tall, weighing about 160 pounds. Mr. Ballmer held a split-adjusted 470.9 million Microsoft shares as of Sept. 9 - second only to Chairman Bill Gates. He said yesterday that the film is "meant to inspire, not offend." On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan. She says she stayed in the marriage because she still loved him, although, "as a wife, I wanted to wring Bill's neck". At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant. Air Commodore Dave Pietsche said RAAF controllers had positioned a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter to prepare to intercept the aircraft. The e-mails reveal the close relationship between Boeing and the Air Force. The Sunnyvale, Calif., chipmaker announced its plans Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston. Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33. Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq. Small-business customers paying $1,200 to $3,200 a year could save $60 to $120. After the Houston event, Bush returned to his Crawford, Texas, ranch, where he will host Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday. The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain. "I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose -- of all the Austrian-born body builders," Schwarzenegger said during the benefit at the Fairmont Hotel. Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows. "It was going to involve others," said prosecutor Kenneth Karas at a Jan. 30 court hearing, reports the Associated Press. It was third time lucky for Hempleman-Adams, 46, after two previous abandoned attempts to make ballooning history. In fact, Fatima Haque's prom tonight had practically everything one might expect on one of a teenage girl's most important nights. A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests. He has been at UCSD since 1991 and was appointed chancellor in 1996, after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials. The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange. "Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon." Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors. In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion. The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001. Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88. Sprint plans to move half of its 8 million local lines from hard-wired circuits to packet networks in the next six years. At least 2,036 Palestinians and 737 Israelis have been killed since the revolt began in September 2000. Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty. The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis. The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC. There's a Jeep in my parents' yard right now that's not theirs,'' said Perry, whose parents are vacationing in North Carolina. "They did not ... provide the security that we had requested," Jordan said in a CBS interview. The company estimated second-quarter revenue of $1.2 billion to $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier. Mehr said police had no way of knowing who or what Kilpatrick was shooting at with the single shot. If Fortigel had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, said Richard Juelis, chief financial officer. But an agency employee lent the tape to a friend, who lent it to Mr. Gonzalez. "Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning," producer David E. Kelley said in a statement. The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36. Spinnaker employs 83 people, most of whom are engineers. The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones. Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa. Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken. Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday. Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau. The charges would mark the latest effort to crack down on a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced. The number of lung transplants also increased from 30 to 64 and the average waiting time for a lung fell from 290 days to 87 days. Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday launched its newest Athlon chip for workstations and servers. Shumaker was the president of the University of Louisville when he was hired by UT. Even though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome, Mauresmo cannot be favored in this match. But if the trademark is withdrawn, subscribers won't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and international service providers. Dmitri Young was the fourth overall selection by St. Louis in the 1991 draft. "I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it." When such acceleration occurs, the drive's read/write head gets temporarily parked until the system is stabilised. Judge Elizabeth Long heard arguments in the state case Thursday. The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645. In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97. The latest 11 News/Houston Chronicle Poll shows White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters, far ahead of Orlando Sanchez's 35 percent. The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF. "Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to those superannuation payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company," he said. About 24 percent of men who took the placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer. Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings. He said the consequences of the rapes had been "catastrophic" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children they bore, who have been shunned in their communities. The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said. A cul-de-sac with homes burned to their foundations was visible from above. The bill, for somewhere between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after the couple's legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees. His attorney, Christopher Wilson, said Young is disputing the accusations through the NASD's hearing process. Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis. United States State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said: 'It is our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference. The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided. A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday. Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified. In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier. Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares. Worldwide, the disease has now infected 6,727 people in 30 countries and caused 478 deaths. "It would be completely irresponsible to reverse course and kill country-of-origin labeling," said Daschle. Change will take time, but is necessary for the nation's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition, chief executive Bob Nardelli said. The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts. If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty. Lucas Goodrum, 21, of Scottsville was arrested Sunday in the death of Katie Autry, of Pellville. Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement. Police said they arrested a man on suspicion of burglary, which covers unauthorized entry. Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily. Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list. Her lawyer, M. H. Reese Norris, called the decision an injustice and promised to appeal. "From Justin to Kelly," starring "American Idol" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with only $2.9 million. Harry Potter's latest wizard trick? An improving job market was a "major factor," said Lynn Franco, director of the board's consumer research center. The Stone's Four Flicks DVD, set to be released Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's best sellers. Rubbing salt in the wounds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome. Kathleen Peterson's body was found in December 2001 at the bottom of a staircase in the couple's home. The euro was at 126.38/43 yen little changed from its late U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.60 yen the same time on Tuesday. The loss ends the run of four straight Williams vs. Williams major finals, all won by Serena. "It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC. Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges. The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions. ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali. The body's hair, sources said, appeared to be blond with dark roots, the same as Aronov's. The state wanted every insurer doing business in California to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing its license to operate in the state. Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire. It added that unless the problems are fixed, "the scene is set for another accident." Canadian officials have agreed to run a complementary threat response exercise. "There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said. Certain to give Democrats hope was Bush's hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat; the president prevailed 43 percent to 38 percent. Oracle followed with 33.8 percent of the market and Microsoft came in third with an 18 percent share. Weather forecasters are sending out warnings for heavy rainfall that could wash out the tail end of the holiday weekend. "It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses," said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury. Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year. For legal purposes, J.P. Morgan and Citigroup neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements. Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day — a glazed doughnut has 4 grams — can increase health risks. During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion. House Democrats plan town meetings this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill. In New York City, opponents of the ban are planning a protest rally at City Hall Thursday at 1 p.m. He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs. Sen. Thurmond "never acknowledged his daughter and fought for laws that kept his daughter segregated. Also today, a bomb explosion in a Baghdad traffic tunnel killed one civilian and wounded two others, Iraqi police said. "In crafting the tax relief packages, the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind," Buchan said. The cargo was to be taken to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast. Sales fell to $3.3bn in 2002, as the bad news from the Women's Health Initiative hit the US market. According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it. Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him. Batters faced: Sheets 28, Vizcaino 2, DeJean 4, Clement 26, Alfonseca 4, Guthrie 2, Farnsworth 4. Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday. Then, suddenly, the ONS reported a fresh 0.6 per cent slump in manufacturing output. Qantas yesterday issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks and warned of more job cuts as the continuing affect of the SARS scourge took its toll on passenger demand. It said sales of film in China during April and May were about half the amount sold in the year-ago period. A Chinese court yesterday jailed two people for life and imprisoned 12 others for organising a sex party involving hundreds of Japanese tourists. It's one of the nicer rounds I have ever played and the best chance I have ever had of a 59." The nurse, age 51, worked at North York General Hospital. Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton. Circuit Judge Steven Ohmer ruled Friday that the law needed a further review by the state Supreme Court and would have caused irreparable harm had it taken effect Saturday. Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications. Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy in Bangkok, were among those targeted," the Singapore statement said. A Tenet spokesman declined to comment Wednesday and a Redding Medical Center official did not return telephone calls seeking comment. The organizers of the University Games, which began Thursday, were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to this week's summit. "Intel will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law," he added. Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal. He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol. The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins. "I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," he told a packed courtroom during a 45-minute address. The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282. Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council. Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach. Kim Clijsters reached the French Open final for the second time, benefiting from a little luck Thursday to erase a set point and beating unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5, 6-1. However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made". The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds. The study was published Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine (news - web sites). On Tuesday, the Nikkei Average dropped 107.08 points, or 1.3 percent, to close at 8,120.24. Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday. A magnitude 8 quake hit the area Friday, setting off a fire in another tank that consumed 188,700 barrels, of crude oil. "The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy. The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes. Yunos allegedly prepared the bombs' wiring while Al-Ghozi reportedly admitted preparing the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packing the explosives, the prosecutors said. Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday. Iraq is selling about 10 million barrels of oil that's currently in storage. A 114-year-old Japanese woman who had assumed the title of the world's oldest person last month died Thursday, a spokesperson for Hiroshima city said. So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny." All 180,000 DHS employees soon will receive a lapel pin and personalized certificate bearing the seal, DHS said. Althardt said there was no indication that any of the sick children needed to be hospitalized. Hatab suffered a broken hyoid bone, a U-shaped bone that supports the tongue. Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea. The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million. State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him. His mother contacted the Federal Public Defender's office in Sacramento, which has agreed to handle his surrender, she says. A $50 million plan to keep Detroit Receiving and Hutzel Women's hospitals open was offered Tuesday under proposed funding from state officials. Dean aides estimated the plan would cost about $88 billion annually, and Dean said he would pay for it by eliminating portions of Bush's tax cuts. Meanwhile, Harrison said, investigators were working through the holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply. Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness." A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub. Consolidated operating income for the fourth quarter was $570 million, up 26% from the $452 million reported a year ago. He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought. Baz Luhrmann admitted it was a risk, and now the Australian director's Broadway version of La Boheme will close on June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run. Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today. Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires. The bodies of 18 illegal Mexican immigrants who died from suffocation and heat exhaustion were discovered on Wednesday in a packed tractor trailer abandoned at a rest stop. If convicted under the new law, Zuccarini faces a maximum of four years in prison and a $250,000 fine. The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system. Lawmakers at the closed-door hearing focused on the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's chemical, biological and nuclear weapons programs. This left the Eurotop 300 benchmark about six points off its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session. One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary. The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded. Last year, he ran a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs. Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters. A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street. The court case does not involve another rule that that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies. Mitchell Garabedian, an attorney representing many young men who have claimed they were molested by Geoghan, said he was shocked and surprised to hear of the jail death. Leung faces a sentence of up to 50 years if convicted on all counts. The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period. Murdoch's family owns about 30 percent of News Corp. shares. Duque arrived with Foale and Kaleri but will return to Earth with Lu and Malenchenko. The talks, the first involving Washington and Pyongyang since April, had their share of fireworks. The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls. The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters. Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone. "We have prevented a very large number of infections and a significant amount of clinical disease," Goodman said. Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set. Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch." NASA officials are delicately seeking advice on what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces from Columbia, cautiously broaching the idea of putting some shuttle parts on display. Customers can use Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003--available Monday--as a stepping stone to the final release this summer. Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1. Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association. The fire began about two hours later, the result of an explosion that was likely caused by a steam leak, officials said. For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said. "I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said. "Clearly, the debate and the discussion have had an effect," says David Smith, a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign. These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said. The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group. But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal. Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish. But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb. Over one two-month period, Newsweek said Bennett wired more than $1.4 million to one casino to cover losses. Mr. Jackson is not Muslim nor a member of the Nation of Islam. Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins. Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange. The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration. Monday said it has its first customer for its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License for SCO UNIX Rights. Patients' rights advocates crashed it by squeezing into camera range, protesting the FMA's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance. The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London. German prosecutors have ruled out any charges in Germany, meaning extradition "could happen very soon," Ullrich said. The trial is entering a crucial stage as Italy prepares to assume the rotating presidency of the European Union on July 1. "I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons," Williams said. There were conflicting reports about the number of casualties yesterday. The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak. Nextel Partners Inc. (nasdaq: NXTP - news - people), which provides wireless phone service, fell 45 cents, or 7.5 percent, to $5.55. The state is setting up relief services and mobile communications after power was wiped out in the town. Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue. General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997. South San Francisco, Calif.'s Genentech, the world's No. 2 biotech company, advanced 6.6 percent to $66.73. Wyoming and New Mexico reported their first deaths from the virus this past week. That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year. "I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it". Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season. The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway. The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough. The judge said Congress is the best forum for weighing the prescription drug importation issue. NBC will probably end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic. Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple with grown children who won't leave their lives. The European Commission has developed a set of guidelines to help public administrators decide whether to migrate their enterprises to Open Source Software or not. Thirty-seven per cent of CEOs who expect stronger profits cited reduced costs as the main reason. Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent. Aprils unemployment rate is the highest since late last year. "New Yorkers didn't embrace these units like they could have," said Matthew Daus, chairman of the commission. The NLC advised motorists to stay at home and petrol stations to shut down during the strike. The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates at the bar association's annual meeting here. Reacting to Thompson's attack, Ed Skyler, a spokesman for Bloomberg, said the controller's statements, "while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts." Newly appointed chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one issue David Jones would tackle as a result of the review. The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday. Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month. Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT. Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer." Kimmitt said the operation was a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells. It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season. Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit. Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer. The final price will be a 5 per cent discount to the volume-weighted average of trading between June 23 and July 11. Soon after, a Coast Guard helicopter landed and took the men to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Mills said. "For one thing, it says, 'Come on, it's working,' " Don Marti, editor in chief of the Linux Journal told the New York Post. " The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47. Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital. Since then, Acacia has spent little time with her grandmother. The last month has been a whirlwind for the 18-year-old from Akron, Ohio. It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C. "For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers," Baker said. A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did. "People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety. I never wanted the matter to come to court and have been overwhelmed by the whole process and the media coverage that has surrounded it." The United States will play Canada in the third-place game Saturday. Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent. Named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program, MSBlast continued to spread to new computers on Thursday, but the rate of infection has slowed significantly. The nation, Bush said, "will not stand by and wait for another attack, or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men." The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931. Another recent study found that 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and another 5 million adults have the condition but don't know it. As of today, forecasts show a weak cold front bringing thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan. "I feel that my supervision was inadequate," Taiwan's minister of health, Twu Shiing-jer, told parliament after tendering his resignation. The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus. The plan would cost the state $170 million per year over the next 30 years. "Arifin has disclosed to the ISD that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the government said. Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister. On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department. Nottingham found speech is treated unequally because the list applies to calls from businesses but not charities. "IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said. Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge. Some opposition leaders said they would reserve comment until mourning was over, but others called for the immediate withdrawal of troops. The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue. Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back. There was no immediate comment from Savage, who did not respond to E-mail requests for an interview. Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying. In the ensuing gun battle two Palestinian militants were killed and 17 people were wounded. "If you have more turnovers, if you're at the bottom of the league in turnover ratio [Washington was 29th], your chances aren't good. Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe. ALBANY, N.Y. State Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno announced Friday he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer. "The £5m would give BA a considerable return on the £5 it originally paid the government for the aircraft." There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved for the treatment of one subtype representing a minority of cases. Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no". Witnesses said four Iraqis were killed and 14 injured during the protest and clash with British forces. Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut. Chief executive Tung Chee-hwa doesn't answer to the people of Hong Kong. The gunman, 26-year-old Harold Kilpatrick jnr, had left a note saying he "wanted to kill some people and die today". The new department is charged with patrolling borders, analyzing U.S. intelligence, responding to emergencies and guarding against terrorism, among other tasks. The broadside came during the recording Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said. In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa." A number of witnesses have told the court Bashir heads Jemaah Islamiah, accused of wanting an Islamic state in the region. People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday. The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray. There are five ethnic Kurds, five Sunni Muslims, a Christian and a Turkoman. Oran Smith, president of the Palmetto Family Council, said the assassination marked the end of America’s innocence, giving way to the if-it-feels-good-do-it 1960s and ’70s. Militias also attacked local United Nations offices and, according to a United Nations spokesman, have fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia. Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day. When ex-Mepham head coach Kevin McElroy walked into the court to testify, some of the victims' supporters turned their backs on him. The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17. SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with "ELF" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said. The number of public WiFi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000 to 85,000 by the end of 2004, IDC said. The launch marks the start of a new golden age in Mars exploration. The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas. Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9. A no-go from Schwarzenegger would clear the track for another Republican, former Los Angeles mayor Richard Riordan. But NASA has instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects. National City's stock ended the day at $32.58, up 9 cents, in trading on the New York Stock Exchange. It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them." In 1993, villagers presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots — which cannibals tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat. "I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting. Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent. The security hole was detected into the section of RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP, Microsoft explained. Smith, 59, is charged with filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and allowing her access to classified materials. The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000. "Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but because of what she did," he said. COMPACT discs could be history within five years after scientists made a fingertip-sized replacement. Authorities interviewed O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at Customer Storage Rentals. Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre. GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory. Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba. Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO employee Carl Griver, who used to work for Global Crossing. Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over. "KBR is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia," the document said. The three-story brick building houses apartments in the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Caf on its downstairs. But a senior State Department official said: "We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify." Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found. First Essex, with $1.8 billion of assets, employs about 360 people and operates 11 offices in Massachusetts and nine in southern New Hampshire. Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs, said that Kempthorne has "shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection." Stanford bested a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster, as well as 13-year-old phenom Michelle Wie. But those modest gains weren't nearly enough to offset the loss of 43,000 jobs in Santa Clara County and 18,000 jobs in the San Francisco-Peninsula-Marin area. According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker. The stunning art robbery on Sunday was one of the biggest in Europe in recent years. The new orders index rose to 52.2 percent from 51.9 percent in May. Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on." After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group. But I would rather be talking about high standards rather than low standards." LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit. Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures. The Supreme Court justices agreed to hear an appeal involving a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary school children, hears the Pledge of Allegiance recited daily. Immunizing mice with pneumococcusleads tothe generation of antibodies that the researchers think lead to the protection from heart disease, he said. After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend. He said McKevitt was "the man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands". The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported. The Ministry of Defence said that "an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a British officer who was serving in Iraq". Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if he did not return, the witness testified. Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled. That kept the records sealed as Limbaugh's attorneys prepared to file an appeal. States of emergency were declared in all four states as well as West Virginia, Delaware, New Jersey and Washington DC. At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted. PwC itself paid $5m last year over alleged violations of independence rules. The addition of the house shooting expands the investigation area east by two miles, with the police now examining a seven-mile section of the freeway. He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night. Remaining shares will be held by QVC's management. The New York Yankees took third baseman Eric Duncan from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey with the 27th pick. Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in San Jose, and authorities said they expected him back in New Hampshire on Tuesday. "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel," said Silver. Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain. The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter. Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued. Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate. Last week the power station’s US owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer. 